AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (CLF-C01)

Practice Questions

Commented [MC1]: Answers that are correct will be
shown in a green outline like this
Answers that are incorrect will be shown in a red outline
like this
Further information will be shown in a blue outline like this

1-50
1. Under the shared responsibility model, which of the following is the customer responsible
for?
 A. Ensuring that disk drives are wiped after use.
 B. Ensuring that firmware is updated on hardware devices.
 C. Ensuring that data is encrypted at rest.
 D. Ensuring that network cables are category six or higher.

Commented [MC2]: C
“Data configuration (i.e. encrypting data at rest and in
transit) is responsibility of the customer”
Commented [MC3]: A
“After you activate cost allocation tags, AWS uses the cost
allocation tags to organize your resource costs on your cost
allocation report, to make it easier for you to categorize
and track your AWS costs”

2. Which allows companies to track and categorize spending on a detailed level?
 A. Cost allocation tags
 B. Consolidated billing
 C. AWS Budgets
 D. AWS Marketplace

Commented [MC4]: C

3. Stores objects, provides real-time access to those objects, and offers versioning and lifecycle
capabilities:
 A. Amazon Glacier
 B. AWS Storage Gateway
 C. Amazon S3
 D. Amazon EBS

Example of object storage: Amazon S3

4. What AWS team assists customers with accelerating cloud adoption through paid
engagements in any of several specialty practice areas?
 A. AWS Enterprise Support
 B. AWS Solutions Architects
 C. AWS Professional Services
 D. AWS Account Managers

5. A customer would like to design and build a new workload on AWS Cloud but does not have
the AWS-related software technical expertise in-house. Which of the following AWS
programs can a customer take advantage of to achieve that outcome?
 A. AWS Partner Network Technology Partners
 B. AWS Marketplace
 C. AWS Partner Network Consulting Partners
 D. AWS Service Catalogue

Compared to block storage, object storage is much newer.
With object storage, data is bundled with customizable
metadata tags and a unique identifier to form objects.
The metadata tags are a key advantage with object storage
— they allow for much better identification and
classification of data.

Versioning in Amazon S3 is a means of keeping multiple
variants of an object in the same bucket. You can use the
S3 Versioning feature to preserve, retrieve, and restore
every version of every object stored in your buckets. With
versioning you can recover more easily from both
unintended user actions and application failures. After
versioning is enabled for a bucket, if Amazon S3 receives
multiple write requests for the same object
simultaneously, it stores all of those objects.
Answer is NOT EBS because that stores blocks, not objects
Block storage is the oldest and simplest form of data
storage. Block storage stores data in fixed-sized chunks ...
Commented [MC5]: C
“The AWS Professional Services organization is a global
team of experts that can help you realize your desired
business outcomes when using the AWS Cloud. We work
together with your team and your chosen member of the
AWS Partner Network (APN) to execute your enterprise
cloud computing initiatives.
Our team provides assistance through a collection of
offerings which help you achieve specific outcomes related
to enterprise cloud adoption. We also deliver focused
...
Commented [MC6]: C
“APN Consulting Partners are professional services firms
that help customers of all types and sizes design,
architect, build, migrate, and manage their workloads
and applications on AWS, accelerating their journey to
the cloud.”
--INCORRECT ANSWERS-...

6. Distributing workloads across multiple Availability Zones supports which cloud architecture
design principle?
 A. Implement automation.
 B. Design for agility.
 C. Design for failure.
 D. Implement elasticity.

7. Which AWS services can host a Microsoft SQL Server database? (choose two)
 A. Amazon EC2
 B. Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)
 C. Amazon Aurora
 D. Amazon Redshift
 E. Amazon S3

Commented [MC7]: C
Using multiple-AZs removes single points of failure, which
is part of design for failure (part of ‘Reliability Design
Principles and Best Practices’)
Each Availability Zone is engineered to be independent
from failures in other Availability Zones.
An example of a implementation designed for failure:
A fleet of application servers can be distributed across
multiple Availability Zones and be attached to ELB.
When the EC2 instances of a particular Availability Zone fail
fail their health checks, ELB stops sending traffic to those
nodes.
...
Commented [MC8]: A, B

8. Which of the following inspects AWS environments to find opportunities that can save
money for users and also improve system performance?
 A. AWS Cost Explorer
 B. AWS Trusted Advisor
 C. Consolidated billing
 D. Detailed billing

EC2 can run any database
RDS can use Amazon Aurora, PostgreSQL, MySQL,
MariaDB, Oracle Database, and Microsoft SQL Server.
--INCORRECT ANSWERS—
Aurora only supports MySql and PostgreSQL
Commented [MC9]: B

9. Which of the following Amazon EC2 pricing models allow customers to use existing serverbound software licenses?
 A. Spot Instances
 B. Reserved Instances
 C. Dedicated Hosts
 D. On-Demand Instances

“AWS Trusted Advisor is an application that draws upon
best practices learned from AWS' aggregated operational
history of serving hundreds of thousands of AWS
customers. Trusted Advisor inspects your AWS
environment and makes recommendations for saving
money, improving system performance, or closing
security gaps.”
Commented [MC10]: C

10. Which AWS characteristics make AWS cost effective for a workload with dynamic user
demand? (Choose two.)
 A. High availability
 B. Shared security model
 C. Elasticity
 D. Pay-as-you-go pricing
 E. Reliability

“A Dedicated Host is a physical EC2 server dedicated for
your use. Dedicated Hosts can help you reduce costs by
allowing you to use your existing server-bound software
licenses, including Windows Server, SQL Server, and SUSE
Linux Enterprise Server (subject to your license terms), and
can also help you meet compliance requirements.”
Commented [MC11]: C, D
“6 Advantages of Cloud Computing
--Trade capital expense for variable expense (Pay-as-yougo model - make payment based on usage only)
--Benefit from massive economies of scale
--Stop guessing about capacity (i.e. elasticity makes it
feasible to add/remove required resources as needed)
--Increased speed and agility
--Stop spending money running and maintaining data
centres
...

11. Which service enables risk auditing by continuously monitoring and logging account activity,
including user actions in the AWS Management Console and AWS SDKs?
 A. Amazon CloudWatch
 B. AWS CloudTrail
 C. AWS Config
 D. AWS Health

12. Which of the following are characteristics of Amazon S3? (Choose two.)
 A. A global file system
 B. An object store
 C. A local file store
 D. A network file system
 E. A durable storage system

13. Which services can be used across hybrid AWS Cloud architectures? (Choose two.)
 A. Amazon Route 53
 B. Virtual Private Gateway
 C. Classic Load Balancer
 D. Auto Scaling
 E. Amazon CloudWatch default metrics
14. What costs are included when comparing AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) with onpremises TCO?
 A. Project management
 B. Antivirus software licensing
 C. Data center security
 D. Software development
15. A company is considering using AWS for a self-hosted database that requires a nightly
shutdown for maintenance and cost-saving purposes. Which service should the company
use?
 A. Amazon Redshift
 B. Amazon DynamoDB
 C. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) with Amazon EC2 instance store
 D. Amazon EC2 with Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)

Commented [CMG12]: B
“CloudTrail - Track user activity and API usage. Helps you
enable governance, compliance, and operational and risk
auditing of your AWS account. Actions taken by a user,
role, or an AWS service are recorded as events in
CloudTrail. Events include actions taken in the AWS
Management Console, AWS Command Line Interface, and
AWS SDKs and APIs.”
--INCORRECT ANSWERS—
--CloudWatch Logs - reports on application logs.
...
Commented [MC13]: B, E
“S3 is a “global” service (available on every region
however it is not truly global because while you can
replicate your buckets/objects across regions for reliability
& disaster recovery purposes, by default S3 objects sit only
in one region though they are stored on multiple devices
across multiple Availability Zones.
S3 provides developers and IT teams with secure, durable,
highly-scalable binary object storage.
...
Commented [MC14]: A, B
Route 53: Inbound query capability is provided by Route 53
Resolver Endpoints, allowing DNS queries that originate
on-premises to resolve AWS hosted domains.
Virtual Private Gateway: Its the anchor of a VPN
connection on AWS side. This making it possible for a VPN
connection to be established between AWS and on
premises.
...
Commented [MC15]: C
“Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility
between AWS and the customer.
This shared model can help relieve the customer’s
operational burden as AWS operates, manages and
controls the components from the host operating system
and virtualization layer down to the physical security of
the facilities in which the service operates.
...
Commented [MC16]: D
“Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS) is an easy to use, highperformance, block-storage service designed for use with
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) for both throughput
and transaction intensive workloads at any scale. A broad
range of workloads, such as relational and non-relational
databases, enterprise applications, containerized
applications, big data analytics engines, file systems, and
media workflows are widely deployed on Amazon EBS.
...

16. Which of the following is a correct relationship between regions, Availability Zones, and
edge locations?
 A. Data centers contain regions.
 B. Regions contain Availability Zones.
 C. Availability Zones contain edge locations.
 D. Edge locations contain regions.

17. Which AWS tools assist with estimating costs? (Choose three.)
 A. Detailed billing report
 B. Cost allocation tags
 C. AWS Pricing Calculator
 D. AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator
 E. Cost Estimator

Commented [MC17]: B
Region is a geographical area that has two or more
Availability Zones. Each Region is completely
independent.
Availability Zone (AZ) is an area with either one or more
discrete Data Centres (building filled with servers), each
with redundant power, networking, and connectivity,
housed in separate facilities. If there are more than one
data centre, they are counted as one AZ because they are
located close together. Each Availability Zone is isolated,
but the Availability Zones in a Region are connected
through low-latency links.
--NOTES---Edge Locations are endpoints used for caching content.
They are located in most of the major cities around the ...
Commented [MC18]: B, C, D

18. Which of the following are advantages of AWS consolidated billing? (Choose two.)
 A. The ability to receive one bill for multiple accounts
 B. Service limits increasing by default in all accounts
 C. A fixed discount on the monthly bill
 D. Potential volume discounts, as usage in all accounts is combined
 E. The automatic extension of the master account's AWS support plan to all accounts

B - To forecast your costs, use the AWS Cost Explorer. Use
cost allocation tags to divide your resources into groups,
and then estimate the costs for each group.
C - To estimate a bill, use the AWS Pricing Calculator
(formerly AWS Simply Monthly Calculator)
...
Commented [MC19]: A, D

19. Which of the following Reserved Instance (RI) pricing models provides the highest average
savings compared to On-Demand pricing?
 A. One-year, No Upfront, Standard RI pricing
 B. One-year, All Upfront, Convertible RI pricing
 C. Three-year, All Upfront, Standard RI pricing
 D. Three-year, No Upfront, Convertible RI pricing

AWS Organizations is an account management service that
lets you consolidate multiple AWS accounts into an
organization that you create and centrally manage.

20. Compared with costs in traditional and virtualized data centers, AWS has:
 A. greater variable costs and greater upfront costs.
 B. fixed usage costs and lower upfront costs.
 C. lower variable costs and greater upfront costs.
 D. lower variable costs and lower upfront costs.

Commented [MC20]: C

Allows you to:
--programmatically create new AWS accounts and allocate
resources
--group accounts to organize your workflows
--apply policies to accounts or groups for governance
--define central configurations and audit requirements ...

“Standard Reserved Instances provide you with a
significant discount compared to On-Demand Instance
pricing, and can be purchased for a 1-year or 3-year term.
Customers have the flexibility to change the Availability
Zone, the instance size, and networking type of their
Standard Reserved Instances.
Purchase Convertible Reserved Instances if you need
additional flexibility, such as the ability to use different

...

Commented [CMG21]: D
“The cloud allows you to trade high initial CapEx (such as
data centers and physical servers) for a variable OpEx
model, and only pay for IT as you consume it. Plus, the
variable OpEx expenses are much lower than what you
would pay to do it yourself because of the massive
economies of scale that AWS has created.”

21. A characteristic of edge locations is that they:
 A. host Amazon EC2 instances closer to users.
 B. help lower latency and improve performance for users.
 C. cache frequently changing data without reaching the origin server.
 D. refresh data changes daily.

22. Which of the following can limit Amazon Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket access to
specific users?
 A. A public and private key-pair
 B. Amazon Inspector
 C. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policies
 D. Security Groups

23. Which of the following security-related actions are available at no cost?
 A. Calling AWS Support
 B. Contacting AWS Professional Services to request a workshop
 C. Accessing forums, blogs, and whitepapers
 D. Attending AWS classes at a local university

Commented [MC22]: B
The edge locations help to improve performance for your
users while lowering the operational burden and cost of
scaling your origin resources.
“Edge Locations are endpoints used for caching content.
They are located in most of the major cities around the
world and are specifically used by CloudFront to distribute
AWS content closer to end-users to reduce latency.”
Commented [MC23]: C
You manage access in AWS by creating policies and
attaching them to IAM identities (users, groups of users,
or roles) or AWS resources.
A policy is an object in AWS that, when associated with an
identity or resource, defines their permissions. AWS
evaluates these policies when an IAM principal (user or
role) makes a request.
Permissions in the policies determine whether the request
is allowed or denied. Most policies are stored in AWS as
JSON documents.
Incorrect answers:
...

24. Which of the Reserved Instance (RI) pricing models can change the attributes of the RI as
long as the exchange results in the creation of RIs of equal or greater value?
 A. Dedicated RIs
 B. Scheduled RIs
 C. Convertible RIs
 D. Standard RIs

25. Which AWS feature will reduce the customer's total cost of ownership (TCO)?
 A. Shared responsibility security model
 B. Single tenancy
 C. Elastic computing
 D. Encryption

Commented [MC24]: C
Free Basic support only provides:
--Customer Service and Communities - 24x7 access to
customer service, documentation, whitepapers, and
support forums.
--AWS Trusted Advisor - Access to the 7 core Trusted
Advisor checks and guidance to provision your resources
following best practices to increase performance and
improve security.
--AWS Personal Health Dashboard
...
Commented [MC25]: C
“Convertible RIs provide a discount and the capability to
change the attributes of the RI as long as the exchange
results in the creation of Reserved Instances of equal or
greater value. Like Standard RIs, Convertible RIs are best
suited for steady-state usage.”
Commented [MC26]: C
“In cloud computing, elasticity is defined as "the degree to
which a system is able to adapt to workload changes by
provisioning and de-provisioning resources in an
autonomic manner, such that at each point in time the
available resources match the current demand as closely
as possible.
Some cloud solutions can also be automatically adjusted to
meet these needs. This means you can set them up to
scale up or down automatically based on certain
...

26. Which of the following services will automatically scale with an expected increase in web
traffic?
 A. AWS CodePipeline
 B. Elastic Load Balancing
 C. Amazon EBS
 D. AWS Direct Connect

27. Where are AWS compliance documents, such as an SOC 1 report, located?
 A. Amazon Inspector
 B. AWS CloudTrail
 C. AWS Artifact
 D. AWS Certificate Manager

28. Under the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following activities are the
customer's responsibility? (Choose two.)
 A. Patching operating system components for Amazon Relational Database Server
(Amazon RDS)
 B. Encrypting data on the client-side
 C. Training the data center staff
 D. Configuring Network Access Control Lists (ACL)
 E. Maintaining environmental controls within a data center

29. Which is a recommended pattern for designing a highly available architecture on AWS?
 A. Ensure that components have low-latency network connectivity.
 B. Run enough Amazon EC2 instances to operate at peak load.
 C. Ensure that the application is designed to accommodate failure of any single
component.
 D. Use a monolithic application that handles all operations.

30. According to best practices, how should an application be designed to run in the AWS Cloud?
 A. Use tighly coupled components.
 B. Use loosely coupled components.
 C. Use infrequently coupled components.
 D. Use frequently coupled components.

Commented [MC27]: B
Elastic Load Balancing automatically distributes incoming
application traffic across multiple targets, such as Amazon
EC2 instances, containers, IP addresses, Lambda functions,
and virtual appliances. It can handle the varying load of
your application traffic in a single Availability Zone or
across multiple Availability Zones. Elastic Load Balancing
offers four types of load balancers that all feature the high
availability, automatic scaling, and robust security
necessary to make your applications fault tolerant.
Incorrect answers:
--A & C -- has nothing to do with web traffic
--D-- Direct Connect is a network connection, which is
more about just enabling private network traffic between
AWS and an on-premises location in the first place
Commented [MC28]: C
“AWS Artifact is your go-to, central resource for
compliance-related information that matters to you. It
provides on-demand access to AWS' security and
compliance reports and select online agreements. Reports
available in AWS Artifact include our Service Organization
Control (SOC) reports, Payment Card
Industry (PCI) reports, and certifications from accreditation
bodies across geographies and compliance verticals that
validate the implementation and operating effectiveness
of AWS security controls. Agreements available in AWS
Artifact include the Business Associate Addendum (BAA)
and the Nondisclosure Agreement
...
Commented [MC29]: B, D
--B-Data configuration is the responsibility of the customer
(i.e. encrypting data at rest and in transit)
--D-A network access control list (ACL) is an optional layer of
security for your VPC that acts as a firewall for controlling
traffic in and out of one or more subnets. You might set up
network ACLs with rules similar to your security groups in ...
Commented [MC30]: C
Highly available systems are reliable in the sense that they
continue operating even when critical components fail.
They are also resilient, meaning that they are able to
simply handle failure without service disruption or data
loss, and seamlessly recover from such failure.
Commented [MC31]: B
“Loose coupling - As application complexity increases, a
desirable attribute of an IT system is that it can be broken
into smaller, loosely coupled components. This means
that IT systems should be designed in a way that reduces
interdependencies—a change or a failure in one
component should not cascade to other components.”

31. AWS supports which of the following methods to add security to Identity and Access
Management (IAM) users? (Choose two.)
 A. Implementing Amazon Rekognition
 B. Using AWS Shield-protected resources
 C. Blocking access with Security Groups
 D. Using Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)
 E. Enforcing password strength and expiration

32. Which AWS services should be used for read/write of constantly changing data? (Choose
two.)
 A. Amazon Glacier
 B. Amazon RDS
 C. AWS Snowball
 D. Amazon Redshift
 E. Amazon EFS

33. What is one of the advantages of the Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon
RDS)?(choose three)
 A. It simplifies relational database administration tasks.
 B. It provides 99.99999999999% reliability and durability.
 C. It automatically scales databases for loads.
 D. It enabled users to dynamically adjust CPU and RAM resources.

34. A customer needs to run a MySQL database that easily scales. Which AWS service should
they use?
 A. Amazon Aurora
 B. Amazon Redshift
 C. Amazon DynamoDB
 D. Amazon ElastiCache

35. Which of the following components of the AWS Global Infrastructure consists of one or
more discrete data centers interconnected through low latency links?
 A. Availability Zone
 B. Edge location
 C. Region
 D. Private networking

Commented [MC32]: D, E
“IAM Best Practices - To help secure your AWS resources,
follow these recommendations for the AWS Identity and
Access Management (IAM) service:
--Lock away your AWS account root user access keys
--Create individual IAM users
--Use groups to assign permissions to IAM users
--Grant least privilege
--Get started using permissions with AWS managed
policies
--Use customer managed policies instead of inline policies
--Use access levels to review IAM permissions
--Configure a strong password policy for your users
--Enable MFA – These are not physical MFA tokens
typically
--Use roles for applications that run on Amazon EC2
instances
--Use roles to delegate permissions
--Do not share access keys
--Rotate credentials regularly
--Remove unnecessary credentials
--Use policy conditions for extra security
--Monitor activity in your AWS account
...
Commented [MC33]: B, E
“Data that must be updated very frequently might be best
served by a storage solution with lower read/write
latencies, such as Amazon EBS, Amazon RDS, Amazon EFS,
Amazon DynamoDB, or relational databases running on
Amazon EC2.”
--RDS is a managed service for relational databases like
MySQL and MariaDB. Simple and fast to setup and scale.
...
Commented [MC34]: A, C, D
A - RDS makes it easy to set up, operate, and scale a
relational database in the cloud. It provides cost-efficient
and resizable capacity while automating time-consuming
administration tasks, such as, hardware provisioning,
database setup, patching and backups.
C - Amazon RDS now supports Storage Auto Scaling
D - You can scale the compute and memory resources
powering your deployment up or down, up to a
Commented [MC35]: A
“Amazon Aurora supports MySQL and will automatically
grow the size of your database volume as your database
storage needs grow, up to a maximum of 64 TB or a
maximum you define.”
Commented [MC36]: A
“An Availability Zone (AZ) is one or more discrete data
centers with redundant power, networking, and
connectivity in an AWS Region.”

...

36. Which of the following is a shared control between the customer and AWS?
 A. Providing a key for Amazon S3 client-side encryption
 B. Configuration of an Amazon EC2 instance
 C. Environmental controls of physical AWS data centers
 D. Awareness and training

37. How many Availability Zones should compute resources be provisioned across to achieve
high availability?
 A. A minimum of one
 B. A minimum of two
 C. A minimum of three
 D. A minimum of four or more

38. One of the advantages to moving infrastructure from an on-premises data center to the
AWS Cloud is:
 A. it allows the business to eliminate IT bills.
 B. it allows the business to put a server in each customer's data center.
 C. it allows the business to focus on business activities.
 D. it allows the business to leave servers unpatched.

39. What is the lowest-cost, durable storage option for retaining database backups for
immediate retrieval?
 A. Amazon S3
 B. Amazon Glacier
 C. Amazon EBS
 D. Amazon EC2 Instance Store

Commented [MC37]: D
AWS trains AWS employees, but a customer must train
their own employees.

Commented [MC38]: B
“Most providers of real-time communications align with
service levels that provide availability from 99.9% to
99.999%. Depending on the degree of high availability (HA)
that you want, you must take increasingly sophisticated
measures along the full lifecycle of the application. We
recommend following these guidelines to achieve a robust
degree of high availability:
--Design the system to have no single point of failure. Use
automated monitoring, failure detection, and failover
mechanisms for both stateless and stateful components
--Single points of failure (SPOF) are commonly eliminated
with an N+1 or 2N redundancy configuration, where N+1
is achieved via load balancing among active–active nodes,
and 2N is achieved by a pair of nodes in active–standby
configuration.
--AWS has several methods for achieving HA through both
approaches, such as through a scalable, load balanced
cluster or assuming an active–standby pair.
--Correctly instrument and test system availability.
--Prepare operating procedures for manual mechanisms to
respond to, mitigate, and recover from the failure.
...
Commented [MC39]: C
“Stop spending money running and maintaining
datacenters – Focus on projects that differentiate your
business, not the infrastructure. Cloud computing lets you
focus on your own customers, rather than on the heavy
lifting of racking, stacking, and powering servers.”
Commented [MC40]: A

40. Which AWS IAM feature allows developers to access AWS services through the AWS CLI?
 A. API keys
 B. Access keys
 C. User names/Passwords
 D. SSH keys

“Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) provides
developers and IT teams secure, durable, highly scalable
object storage at a very low cost. You can store and
retrieve any amount of data, at any time, from anywhere
on the web through a simple web service interface. You
can write, read, and delete objects containing from zero to
5 TB of data. Amazon S3 is highly scalable, allowing
concurrent read or write access to data by many separate
clients or application threads”
...
Commented [MC41]: B
“IAM users can be assigned an access key ID and secret
access key for programmatic access to the AWS API
(Application Programme Interface), CLI (Command Line
Interface), SDK (Software Development Kit), and other
development tools.
Access keys consist of an access key ID and secret access
key, which are used to sign programmatic requests that
you make to AWS. If you don't have access keys, you can
create them from the AWS Management Console. The only...

41. Which of the following is a fast and reliable NoSQL database service?
 A. Amazon Redshift
 B. Amazon RDS
 C. Amazon DynamoDB
 D. Amazon S3

42. What is an example of agility in the AWS Cloud?
 A. Access to multiple instance types
 B. Access to managed services
 C. Using Consolidated Billing to produce one bill
 D. Decreased acquisition time for new compute resources

43. Which service should a customer use to consolidate and centrally manage multiple AWS
accounts?
 A. AWS IAM
 B. AWS Organizations
 C. AWS Schema Conversion Tool
 D. AWS Config

44. What approach to transcoding a large number of individual video files adheres to AWS
architecture principles?
 A. Using many instances in parallel
 B. Using a single large instance during off-peak hours
 C. Using dedicated hardware
 D. Using a large GPU instance type

45. For which auditing process does AWS have sole responsibility?
 A. AWS IAM policies
 B. Physical security
 C. Amazon S3 bucket policies
 D. AWS CloudTrail Logs

Commented [MC42]: C
“Amazon DynamoDB is a fast and flexible NoSQL database
service for any scale. It is a key-value and document
database that delivers single-digit millisecond performance
at any scale. It's a fully managed, multiregion, multimaster,
durable database with built-in security, backup and
restore, and in-memory caching for internet-scale
applications”
Commented [MC43]: D
“Agility is the practice of “building in” the ability to
change quickly and inexpensively.
The cloud not only makes these other practices practical
but provides agility on its own. Infrastructure can be
provisioned in minutes instead of months, and deprovisioned or changed just as quickly.”
Commented [MC44]: B
“AWS Organizations helps you centrally manage and
govern your environment as you grow and scale your
AWS resources. As an administrator of an organization,
you can create accounts in your organization and invite
existing accounts to join the organization. Allows you to:
--programmatically create new AWS accounts and allocate
resources
--group accounts to organize your workflows
--apply policies to accounts or groups for governance
--define central configurations and audit requirements
--simplify billing by centralising it and using a single
payment method for all of your account. These account
management and consolidated billing capabilities enable
you to better meet the budgetary, security, and
compliance needs of your business.
--control access, manage compliance, coordinate security
mechanisms (including restricting the AWS services,
...
Commented [MC45]: A
A is correct because it is aligned with the reliability Design
Principles and Best Practices of scaling horizontally.
“Reliability Design Principles and Best Practices
…
Scale horizontally: to increase aggregate workload
availability. Replace one large resource with multiple
small resources to reduce the impact of a single failure on
the overall workload. Distribute requests across multiple,...
Commented [MC46]: B
AWS responsibility “Security of the Cloud” - AWS is
responsible for protecting the infrastructure that runs all
of the services offered in the AWS Cloud. This
infrastructure is composed of the physical hardware,
software, networking, and facilities that run AWS Cloud
services.

46. Which feature of the AWS Cloud will support an international company's requirement for
low latency to all of its customers?
 A. Fault tolerance
 B. Global reach
 C. Pay-as-you-go pricing
 D. High availability

47. Which of the following is the customer's responsibility under the AWS shared responsibility
model?
 A. Patching underlying infrastructure
 B. Physical security
 C. Patching Amazon EC2 instances
 D. Patching network infrastructure

48. A customer is using multiple AWS accounts with separate billing. How can the customer take
advantage of volume discounts with minimal impact to the AWS resources?
 A. Create one global AWS acount and move all AWS resources to that account.
 B. Sign up for three years of Reserved Instance pricing up front.
 C. Use the consolidated billing feature from AWS Organizations.
 D. Sign up for the AWS Enterprise support plan to get volume discounts.

49. Which of the following is an AWS managed Domain Name System (DNS) web service?
 A. Amazon Route 53
 B. Amazon Neptune
 C. Amazon SageMaker
 D. Amazon Lightsail

50. A customer is deploying a new application and needs to choose an AWS Region. Which of
the following factors could influence the customer's decision? (Choose two.)
 A. Reduced latency to users
 B. The application's presentation in the local language
 C. Data sovereignty compliance
 D. Cooling costs in hotter climates
 E. Proximity to the customer's office for on-site visits

Commented [MC47]: B
“The AWS Global Infrastructure is built for performance.
AWS Regions offer low latency, low packet loss, and high
overall network quality. This is achieved with a fully
redundant 100 GbE fiber network backbone, often
providing many terabits of capacity between Regions. AWS
Local Zones and AWS Wavelength, with our telco
providers, provide performance for applications that
require single-digit millisecond latencies by delivering AWS
infrastructure and services closer to end-users and 5G
connected devices. Whatever your application needs, you
can quickly spin up resources as you need them, deploying
hundreds or even thousands of servers in minutes.”
...
Commented [MC48]: C
“Customer responsibility will be determined by the AWS
Cloud services that a customer selects. This determines the
amount of configuration work the customer must perform
as part of their security responsibilities. For example, a
service such as Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon
EC2) is categorized as Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and,
as such, requires the customer to perform all of the
necessary security configuration and management tasks.
Customers that deploy an Amazon EC2 instance are
responsible for management of the guest operating
...
Commented [MC49]: C
“AWS Organizations helps you centrally manage and
govern your environment as you grow and scale your
AWS resources. As an administrator of an organization,
you can create accounts in your organization and invite
existing accounts to join the organization. Allows you to:
--programmatically create new AWS accounts and allocate
resources
--group accounts to organize your workflows
--apply policies to accounts or groups for governance
--define central configurations and audit requirements ...
Commented [MC50]: A
“Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable cloud
Domain Name System (DNS) web service. It is designed to
give developers and businesses an extremely reliable and
cost effective way to route end users to Internet
applications by translating names like www.example.com
into the numeric IP addresses like 192.0.2.1 that
computers use to connect to each other.”
Commented [MC51]: A, C
-- Costs of the AWS Services can be different for each
region because the cost, taxes, manpower, etc for the
physical infrastructure and data centers are different from
Region to Region.
--Latency depends on physical location. When your
application is being accessed by your users, it should be
blazing fast. So you need to identify the locations of your
target audience and choose the region having a smaller
latency for your customers.
...

51-100
51. Which storage service can be used as a low-cost option for hosting static websites?
 A. Amazon Glacier
 B. Amazon DynamoDB
 C. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
 D. Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)

52. Which Amazon EC2 instance pricing model can provide discounts of up to 90%?
 A. Reserved Instances
 B. On-Demand
 C. Dedicated Hosts
 D. Spot Instances

Commented [MC52]: D
“You can use Amazon S3 to host a static website. On a
static website, individual webpages include static content.
They might also contain client-side scripts.
By contrast, a dynamic website relies on server-side
processing, including server-side scripts such as PHP, JSP,
or ASP.NET. Amazon S3 does not support server-side
scripting, but AWS has other resources for hosting dynamic
websites.”
Commented [MC53]: D
Spot - Up to 90% discount
Reserved - Up to 75% discount
On-demand – Full price
Dedicated hosts – Higher cost than on-demand
Commented [MC54]: B

53. What is the AWS customer responsible for according to the AWS shared responsibility
model?
 A. Physical access controls
 B. Data encryption
 C. Secure disposal of storage devices
 D. Environmental risk management

54. Which of the following AWS Cloud services can be used to run a customer-managed
relational database?
 A. Amazon EC2
 B. Amazon Route 53
 C. Amazon ElastiCache
 D. Amazon DynamoDB
55. A company is looking for a scalable data warehouse solution. Which of the following AWS
solutions would meet the company's needs?
 A. Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
 B. Amazon DynamoDB
 C. Amazon Kinesis
 D. Amazon Redshift

“The customer:
--assumes responsibility and management of the guest
operating system (including updates and security patches),
other associated application software as well as the
configuration of the AWS provided security group firewall.
--should carefully consider the services they choose as
their responsibilities vary depending on the services used,
the integration of those services into their IT environment,
and applicable laws and regulations.
--is responsible for data configuration (i.e. encrypting
data at rest and in transit)”

Commented [MC55]: A
Key phrase is ‘customer-managed’
EC2 can be used to run a relational database on whatever
operating system the EC2 instance is using e.g. Microsoft
SQL Server running on Microsoft Windows Server 2016.
Incorrect Answers:
--DynamoDB is NOSQL type, not a relational database and
so is not a correct answer
--Route 53 is a DNS service, nothing related to databases
...
Commented [MC56]: D
“With Redshift, you can query and combine exabytes of
structured and semi-structured data across your data
warehouse, operational database, and data lake using
standard SQL. Redshift lets you easily save the results of
your queries back to your S3 data lake using open formats,
like Apache Parquet, so that you can do additional
analytics from other analytics services like Amazon EMR,
Amazon Athena, and Amazon SageMaker.”

56. Which statement best describes Elastic Load Balancing?
 A. It translates a domain name into an IP address using DNS.
 B. It distributes incoming application traffic across one or more Amazon EC2
instances.
 C. It collects metrics on connected Amazon EC2 instances.
 D. It automatically adjusts the number of Amazon EC2 instances to support incoming
traffic.

57. Which of the following are valid ways for a customer to interact with AWS services? (Choose
two.)
 A. Command line interface
 B. On-premises
 C. Software Development Kits
 D. Software-as-a-service
 E. Hybrid

Commented [MC57]: B
“Elastic Load Balancing automatically distributes
incoming application traffic across multiple targets, such
as Amazon EC2 instances, containers, IP addresses,
Lambda functions, and virtual appliances. It can handle
the varying load of your application traffic in a single
Availability Zone or across multiple Availability Zones.
Elastic Load Balancing offers four types of load balancers
that all feature the high availability, automatic scaling, and
robust security necessary to make your applications fault
tolerant. Elastic Load Balancing scales with web traffic.”
Incorrect answers:
--D-- This is related to AutoScaling and not Load Balancing
Commented [MC58]: A, C
There are three ways to interact with AWS Services:
--AWS Management Console - Graphical interface to access
access AWS features)

58. The AWS Cloud's multiple Regions are an example of:
 A. agility.
 B. global infrastructure.
 C. elasticity.
 D. pay-as-you-go pricing.

--Command Line Interface (CLI) - Lets you control AWS
services from command line
--Software Development Kits (SDK) - Enable you to access
AWS using a variety of popular programming languages
Commented [MC59]: B

59. Which of the following AWS services can be used to serve large amounts of online video
content with the lowest possible latency? (Choose two.)
 A. AWS Storage Gateway
 B. Amazon S3
 C. Amazon Elastic File System (EFS)
 D. Amazon Glacier
 E. Amazon CloudFront
60. Web servers running on Amazon EC2 access a legacy application running in a corporate data
center. What term would describe this model?
 A. Cloud-native
 B. Partner network
 C. Hybrid architecture
 D. Infrastructure as a service

Global infrastructure > Regions > Availability Zones
“The AWS Global Cloud Infrastructure is the most secure,
extensive, and reliable cloud platform, offering over 200
fully featured services from data centers globally.
Whether you need to deploy your application workloads
across the globe in a single click, or you want to build and
deploy specific applications closer to your end-users with
single-digit millisecond latency, AWS provides you the
cloud infrastructure where and when you need it.
With millions of active customers and tens of thousands of
partners globally, AWS has the largest and most dynamic ...
Commented [MC60]: B, E
“Amazon CloudFront is a fast content delivery network
(CDN) service that securely delivers data, videos,
applications, and APIs to customers globally with low
latency, high transfer speeds, all within a developerfriendly environment.
CloudFront offers the most advanced security capabilities,
including field level encryption and HTTPS support,
seamlessly integrated with AWS Shield, AWS Web
Application Firewall and Route 53 to protect against
...
Commented [MC61]: C
“Hybrid cloud - Mix of public and private cloud”

61. What is the benefit of using AWS managed services, such as Amazon ElastiCache and
Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)?
 A. They require the customer to monitor and replace failing instances.
 B. They have better performance than customer-managed services.
 C. They simplify patching and updating underlying OSs.
 D. They do not require the customer to optimize instance type or size selections.

62. Which service provides a virtually unlimited amount of online highly durable object storage?
 A. Amazon Redshift
 B. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
 C. Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
 D. Amazon S3

Commented [MC62]: C
"AWS Managed Services takes care of all of your patching
and backup activities to help keep your resources current
and secure. When updates or patches are released by OS
vendors, AWS Managed Services applies them in a timely
and consistent manner to minimize the impact on your
business
Critical security patches are applied immediately, while
others are applied based on the patch schedule you
request. Backups of Stacks are automated using Amazon
Elastic Block Store (EBS) and RDS snapshots, and can be
restored in the event of a failure or outage, ensuring
business continuity.” (https://aws.amazon.com/managedservices/features/)
Commented [MC63]: D

63. Which of the following Identity and Access Management (IAM) entities is associated with an
access key ID and secret access key when using AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)?
 A. IAM group
 B. IAM user
 C. IAM role
 D. IAM policy

“Amazon S3 is object storage built to store and retrieve
any amount of data from anywhere on the Internet. It’s a
simple storage service that offers an extremely durable,
highly available, and infinitely scalable data storage
infrastructure at very low costs.
…
Size limit is for individual item (5TB) not for the whole S3
capacity, which is unlimited”

64. Which of the following security-related services does AWS offer? (Choose two.)
 A. Multi-factor authentication physical tokens
 B. AWS Trusted Advisor security checks
 C. Data encryption
 D. Automated penetration testing
 E. Amazon S3 copyrighted content detection

Commented [MC64]: B

65. Which AWS managed service is used to host databases?
 A. AWS Batch
 B. AWS Artifact
 C. AWS Data Pipeline
 D. Amazon RDS

Commented [MC65]: B, C

“Access keys are long-term credentials for an IAM user or
the AWS account root user. You can use access keys to
sign programmatic requests to the AWS CLI or AWS API
(directly or using the AWS SDK).”
Incorrect Answers:
...

--B-Trust Advisor gives recommendations on performance,
service quotas, cost optimisation, security and fault
tolerance
--C-"AWS offers you the ability to add a layer of security to
your data at rest in the cloud, providing scalable and
efficient encryption features. These include:
...
Commented [MC66]: D
“Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)
makes it easy to set up, operate, and scale a relational
database in the cloud. It provides cost-efficient and
resizable capacity while automating time-consuming
administration tasks such as hardware provisioning,
database setup, patching and backups. It frees you to focus
on your applications so you can give them the fast
performance, high availability, security and compatibility
they need.”
...

66. Which AWS service provides a simple and scalable shared file storage solution for use with
Linux-based AWS and on-premises servers?
 A. Amazon S3
 B. Amazon Glacier
 C. Amazon EBS
 D. Amazon EFS (need low latency, which this provides for linux workloads)
67. When architecting cloud applications, which of the following are a key design principle?
 A. Use the largest instance possible
 B. Provision capacity for peak load
 C. Use the Scrum development process
 D. Implement elasticity

Commented [MC67]: D
“Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) provides a
simple, scalable, fully managed elastic NFS file system for
use with AWS Cloud services and on-premises resources. It
is built to scale on demand to petabytes without disrupting
applications, growing and shrinking automatically as you
add and remove files, eliminating the need to provision
and manage capacity to accommodate growth.
Amazon EFS is designed to provide the throughput, IOPS,
and low latency needed for Linux workloads. Throughput
and IOPS scale as a file system grows and can burst to
higher throughput levels for short periods of time to
support the unpredictable performance needs of file
workloads. For the most demanding workloads, Amazon ...
Commented [MC68]: D
AWS encourages elasticity and not specifically provisioning
for peak traffic.

68. Which AWS service should be used for long-term, low-cost storage of data backups?
 A. Amazon RDS
 B. Amazon Glacier
 C. AWS Snowball
 D. AWS EBS

69. Under the shared responsibility model, which of the following is a shared control between a
customer and AWS?
 A. Physical controls
 B. Patch management
 C. Zone security
 D. Data center auditing
70. Which AWS service allows companies to connect an Amazon VPC to an on-premises data
center?
 A. AWS VPN
 B. Amazon Redshift
 C. API Gateway
 D. Amazon Connect

“6 Advantages of Cloud Computing:
--Trade capital expense for variable expense
--Benefit from massive economies of scale
--Stop guessing about capacity (i.e. elasticity)
--Increased speed and agility
--Stop spending money running and maintaining data
centres

...

Commented [MC69]: B
“Amazon S3 Glacier is a secure, durable, and low-cost
storage class of S3 for data archiving and long-term
backup. Customers can store large or small amounts of
data for as little as $0.004 per gigabyte per month. The S3
Glacier storage class is ideal for archives where data is
regularly retrieved and some of the data may be needed in
minutes.”
Incorrect Answers:

...

Commented [MC70]: B
“Shared Controls:
--Controls which apply to both the infrastructure layer and
customer layers, but in completely separate contexts or
perspectives. In a shared control, AWS provides the
requirements for the infrastructure and the customer must
provide their own control implementation within their use
of AWS services. Examples include:
...
Commented [MC71]: A
There are two ways to connect on-premises to cloud.
Over internet using VPN connection
Over physical fiber cable using DirectConnect
“AWS Virtual Private Network (VPN) solutions establish
secure connections via the public internet between your
on-premises networks, remote offices, client devices, and
the AWS global network.”
...

71. A company wants to reduce the physical compute footprint that developers use to run code.
Which service would meet that need by enabling serverless architectures?
 A. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
 B. AWS Lambda
 C. Amazon DynamoDB
 D. AWS CodeCommit

72. Which AWS service provides alerts when an AWS event may impact a company's AWS
resources?
 A. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
 B. AWS Service Health Dashboard
 C. AWS Trusted Advisor
 D. AWS Infrastructure Event Management

73. Which of the following are categories of AWS Trusted Advisor? (Choose two.)
 A. Fault Tolerance
 B. Instance Usage
 C. Infrastructure
 D. Performance
 E. Storage Capacity

Commented [MC72]: B
“AWS Lambda is a compute service that lets you run code
without provisioning or managing servers. Lambda runs
your code only when needed and scales automatically,
from a few requests per day to thousands per second. You
pay only for the compute time that you consume—there
is no charge when your code is not running. With
Lambda, you can run code for virtually any type of
application or backend service, all with zero
administration. Lambda runs your code on a highavailability compute infrastructure and performs all of
the administration of the compute resources, including
server and operating system maintenance, capacity
provisioning and automatic scaling, code monitoring and
logging.”
Commented [MC73]: A
“AWS Personal Health Dashboard provides alerts and
remediation guidance when AWS is experiencing events
that may impact you.”
Incorrect answers:
While the Service Health Dashboard displays the general
status of AWS services, Personal Health Dashboard gives
you a personalized view into the performance and
...
Commented [MC74]: A, D

74. Which task is AWS responsible for in the shared responsibility model for security and
compliance?
 A. Granting access to individuals and services
 B. Encrypting data in transit
 C. Updating Amazon EC2 host firmware
 D. Updating operating systems
75. Where should a company go to search software listings from independent software vendors
to find, test, buy and deploy software that runs on AWS?
 A. AWS Marketplace
 B. Amazon Lumberyard
 C. AWS Artifact
 D. Amazon CloudSearch

“Like your customized cloud expert, AWS Trusted Advisor
analyzes your AWS environment and provides best
practice recommendations in five categories: cost
optimization, performance, security, fault tolerance and
service limits.”
Commented [MC75]: C
Host firmware is the full responsibility of AWS as it is part
of the host OS on EC2 that AWS manages
“Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility
between AWS and the customer. This shared model can
help relieve the customer’s operational burden as AWS
operates, manages and controls the components from
the host operating system and virtualization layer down
to the physical security of the facilities in which the
service operates.”
...
Commented [MC76]: A
“The AWS Marketplace enables qualified partners to
market and sell their software to AWS Customers. AWS
Marketplace is an online software store that helps
customers find, buy, and immediately start using the
software and services that run on AWS.
AWS Marketplace is designed for Independent Software
Vendors (ISVs), Value-Added Resellers (VARs), and Systems
Integrators (SIs) who have software products they want to
offer to customers in the cloud. Partners use AWS
...

76. Which of the following is a benefit of using the AWS Cloud?
 A. Permissive security removes the administrative burden.
 B. Ability to focus on revenue-generating activities.
 C. Control over cloud network hardware.
 D. Choice of specific cloud hardware vendors.

77. When performing a cost analysis that supports physical isolation of a customer workload,
which compute hosting model should be accounted for in the Total Cost of Ownership
(TCO)?
 A. Dedicated Hosts
 B. Reserved Instances
 C. On-Demand Instances
 D. No Upfront Reserved Instances

78. Which AWS service provides the ability to manage infrastructure as code?
 A. AWS CodePipeline
 B. AWS CodeDeploy
 C. AWS Direct Connect
 D. AWS CloudFormation

79. If a customer needs to audit the change management of AWS resources, which of the
following AWS services should the customer use?
 A. AWS Config
 B. AWS Trusted Advisor
 C. Amazon CloudWatch
 D. Amazon Inspector
80. What is Amazon CloudWatch?
 A. A code repository with customizable build and team commit features.
 B. A metrics repository with customizable notification thresholds and channels.
 C. A security configuration repository with threat analytics.
 D. A rule repository of a web application firewall with automated vulnerability
prevention features.

Commented [MC77]: B
“AWS does the heavy lifting of data center operations like
racking, stacking, and powering servers. It also removes
the operational burden of managing operating systems
and applications with managed services. This allows you to
focus on your customers and business projects rather
than on IT infrastructure.”
Commented [MC78]: A
“Use Dedicated Hosts to launch Amazon EC2 instances on
physical servers that are dedicated for your use.
Dedicated Hosts give you additional visibility and control
over how instances are placed on a physical server, and
you can reliably use the same physical server over time.
As a result, Dedicated Hosts enable you to use your
existing server-bound software licenses like Windows
Server and address corporate compliance and regulatory
requirements.”
Commented [MC79]: D
“AWS CloudFormation provides a common language for
you to describe and provision all the infrastructure
resources in your cloud environment. CloudFormation
allows you to use a simple text file to model and
provision, in an automated and secure manner, all the
resources needed for your applications across all regions
and accounts. This file serves as the single source of truth
for your cloud environment.”
Commented [MC80]: A
“AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit,
and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources.
Config continuously monitors and records your AWS
resource configurations and allows you to automate the
evaluation of recorded configurations against desired
configurations. With Config, you can review changes in
configurations and relationships between AWS resources,
dive into detailed resource configuration histories, and
determine your overall compliance against the
configurations specified in your internal guidelines. This
enables you to simplify compliance auditing, security
analysis, change management, and operational
troubleshooting.”
Incorrect Answers:

...

Commented [MC81]: B
“Amazon CloudWatch is a monitoring and observability
service built for DevOps engineers, developers, site
reliability engineers (SREs), and IT managers.
CloudWatch provides you with data and actionable
insights to monitor your applications, respond to systemwide performance changes, optimize resource utilization,
and get a unified view of operational health.
...

81. Which service allows a company with multiple AWS accounts to combine its usage to obtain
volume discounts?
 A. AWS Server Migration Service
 B. AWS Organizations
 C. AWS Budgets
 D. AWS Trusted Advisor
 E. Amazon Quicksight
 F. Amazon Forecast

82. Which of the following services could be used to deploy an application to servers running
on-premises? (Choose two.)
 A. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
 B. AWS OpsWorks
 C. AWS CodeDeploy
 D. AWS Batch
 E. AWS X-Ray

83. Which Amazon EC2 pricing model adjusts based on supply and demand of EC2 instances?
 A. On-Demand Instances
 B. Reserved Instances
 C. Spot Instances
 D. Convertible Reserved Instances

84. Which design principles for cloud architecture are recommended when re-architecting a
large monolithic application? (Choose two.)
 A. Use manual monitoring.
 B. Use fixed servers.
 C. Implement loose coupling.
 D. Rely on individual components.
 E. Design for scalability.
85. Which is the MINIMUM AWS Support plan that allows for one-hour target response time for
support cases?
 A. Enterprise
 B. Business
 C. Developer
 D. Basic

Commented [MC82]: B
“Use the consolidated billing feature in AWS
Organizations to consolidate billing and payment for
multiple AWS accounts. Every organization in AWS
Organizations has a master account that pays the charges
of all the member accounts.
Consolidated billing has the following benefits:
✑ One bill - You get one bill for multiple accounts.
✑ Easy tracking - You can track the charges across multiple
accounts and download the combined cost and usage data.
✑ Combined usage - You can combine the usage across
all accounts in the organization to share the volume
pricing discounts and Reserved Instance discounts. This ...
Commented [MC83]: B, C
“AWS OpsWorks: lets you use Chef and Puppet to
automate how servers are configured, deployed, and
managed across your Amazon EC2 instances or onpremises compute environments.”
“AWS CodeDeploy: is a fully managed deployment service
that automates software deployments to a variety of
compute services such as Amazon EC2, AWS Fargate, AWS
AWS Lambda, and your on-premises servers.”
...
Commented [MC84]: C
“With Spot Instances, you pay the Spot price that's in
effect for the time period your instances are running. Spot
Instance prices are set by Amazon EC2 and adjust
gradually based on long-term trends in supply and
demand for Spot Instance capacity.
Spot Instances are available at a discount of up to 90% off
compared to On-Demand pricing.”
...
Commented [MC85]: C, E
“Cloud-native technologies empower organizations to
build and run scalable applications in modern, dynamic
environments such as public, private and hybrid clouds.
Containers, service meshes, microservices, immutable
infrastructure and declarative APIs exemplify this
approach.
These techniques enable loosely coupled systems that are
resilient, manageable and observable. Combined with
robust automation, they allow engineers to make high- ...
Commented [MC86]: B
Enterprise: As little as 15 mins
Business: As little as 1 hour
Developer: As little as 12 hours
Notes: These times are for the most urgent cases for each
support level. See
(https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/plans/) for
more information.

86. Where can AWS compliance and certification reports be downloaded?
 A. AWS Artifact
 B. AWS Concierge
 C. AWS Certificate Manager
 D. AWS Trusted Advisor

Commented [MC87]: A
“AWS Artifact is your go-to, central resource for
compliance-related information that matters to you. It
provides on-demand access to AWS's security and
compliance reports and select online agreements.”

Commented [MC88]: C

87. Which AWS service provides a customized view of the health of specific AWS services that
power a customer's workloads running on AWS?
 A. AWS Service Health Dashboard
 B. AWS X-Ray
 C. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
 D. Amazon CloudWatch

88. Which of the following is an advantage of consolidated billing on AWS?
 A. Volume pricing qualification
 B. Shared access permissions
 C. Multiple bills per account
 D. Eliminates the need for tagging

89. Which of the following steps should be taken by a customer when conducting penetration
testing on an AWS ?
 A. Conduct penetration testing using Amazon Inspector, and then notify AWS
support.
 B. Request and wait for approval from the customer's internal security team, and
then conduct testing.
 C. Notify AWS support, and then conduct testing immediately.
 D. Request and wait for approval from AWS support, and then conduct testing.
90. Which of the following AWS features enables a user to launch a pre-configured Amazon
Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance?
 A. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
 B. Amazon Machine Image
 C. Amazon EC2 Systems Manager
 D. Amazon AppStream 2.0

Keyword is "customized" here. Service Health dashboard
doesn't allow you to customize view.
The difference between Personal and Health dashboards is
that the "Service Health Dashboard" provides the "generic
status of overall AWS services, whereas the "Personal
Health Dashboard" provides status of services pertaining
to "subscribed" AWS services. Hence the name "Personal"
“(AWS) Personal Health Dashboard (PHD) - All customers
can use this, it is powered by the AWS Health API. A
personalized view of the health of AWS services, and
alerts when your resources are impacted. It provides
alerts and remediation guidance when AWS is experiencing
events that may impact you. Personal Health Dashboard
gives you a personalized view into the performance and
availability of the AWS services underlying your AWS
resources. The dashboard requires no setup, and it's ready
to use for authenticated AWS users.”
Commented [MC89]: A
“If you have multiple standalone accounts, your charges
might decrease if you add the accounts to an organization.
AWS combines usage from all accounts in the
organization to qualify you for volume pricing discounts.”
Commented [MC90]: B
No need prior approval from AWS for below services.
Once approval received from internal security team the
testing can go ahead (as long as the service is on this list,
otherwise see ‘Notes’ section below)
======
“Permitted Services.”
======
Amazon EC2 instances, NAT Gateways, and Elastic Load
Balancers
Amazon RDS
...
Commented [MC91]: B
“An Amazon Machine Image is a special type of virtual
appliance that is used to create a virtual machine within
the Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud. It serves as the basic
unit of deployment for services delivered using EC2.”
“An Amazon Machine Image (AMI) provides the
information required to launch an instance. You must
specify an AMI when you launch an instance. You can
launch multiple instances from a single AMI when you
need multiple instances with the same configuration. You...

91. How would an AWS customer easily apply common access controls to a large set of users?
 A. Apply an IAM policy to an IAM group.
 B. Apply an IAM policy to an IAM role.
 C. Apply the same IAM policy to all IAM users with access to the same workload.
 D. Apply an IAM policy to an Amazon Cognito user pool.

92. What technology enables compute capacity to adjust as loads change?
 A. Load balancing
 B. Automatic failover
 C. Round robin
 D. Auto Scaling

93. Which AWS services are defined as global instead of regional? (Choose two.)
 A. Amazon Route 53
 B. Amazon EC2
 C. Amazon S3
 D. Amazon CloudFront
 E. Amazon DynamoDB
94. Under the shared responsibility model, which of the following tasks are the responsibility of
the AWS customer? (Choose two.)
 A. Ensuring that application data is encrypted at rest
 B. Ensuring that AWS NTP servers are set to the correct time
 C. Ensuring that users have received security training in the use of AWS services
 D. Ensuring that access to data centers is restricted
 E. Ensuring that hardware is disposed of properly

95. Which AWS service can be used to manually launch instances based on resource
requirements?
 A. Amazon EBS
 B. Amazon S3
 C. Amazon EC2
 D. Amazon ECS

Commented [MC92]: A
Instead of defining permissions for individual IAM users,
it's usually more convenient to:
--create IAM groups that relate to job functions
(administrators, developers, accounting, etc.).
--Next, define the relevant permissions for each group.
--Assign IAM users to those groups.
--All the users in an IAM group inherit the permissions
assigned to the group. That way, you can make changes for
everyone in a group in just one place.
--As people move around in your company, you can simply
change what IAM group their IAM user belongs to.
Notes:
--User: Permanent named operator (human or machine)
--Group: Collection of users
--Role: Authentication method, not permissions. A role is
an operator (human or machine). Credentials are
temporary
...
Commented [MC93]: D
“Load balancers distribute workloads across several
instances , it only distribute to instances available (it
doesn't add or change) but with auto scaling when the
traffic gets too high it automatically add more instances
to handle the traffic and vice versa”
Commented [MC94]: A, D
--A—
“Using a global anycast network of DNS servers around
the world, Amazon Route 53 is designed to automatically
route your users to the optimal location depending on
network conditions. As a result, the service offers low
query latency for your end users, as well as low update
latency for your DNS record management needs.”
--D-“Amazon CloudFront is a fast content delivery network
(CDN) service that securely delivers data, videos,
...
Commented [MC95]: A, C
--A-“The customer:
--assumes responsibility and management of the guest
operating system (including updates and security patches),
other associated application software as well as the
configuration of the AWS provided security group firewall.
--should carefully consider the services they choose as
their responsibilities vary depending on the services used,
the integration of those services into their IT environment,
and applicable laws and regulations.
...
Commented [MC96]: C
Keyword is instances.
“Customer can launch from a huge variety of EC2 instance
types depending on exactly what they require, e.g. OS,
RAM, storage space, security controls, etc…”

96. A company is migrating an application that is running non-interruptible workloads for a
three-year time frame. Which pricing construct would provide the MOST cost-effective
solution?
 A. Amazon EC2 Spot Instances
 B. Amazon EC2 Dedicated Instances
 C. Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances
 D. Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances

97. The financial benefits of using AWS are: (Choose two.)
 A. reduced Total Cost of Ownership (TCO).
 B. increased capital expenditure (capex).
 C. reduced operational expenditure (opex).
 D. deferred payment plans for startups.
 E. business credit lines for startups.

98. Which AWS Cost Management tool allows you to view the most granular data about your
AWS bill?
 A. AWS Cost Explorer
 B. AWS Budgets
 C. AWS Cost and Usage report
 D. AWS Billing dashboard
99. Which of the following can an AWS customer use to launch a new Amazon Relational
Database Service (Amazon RDS) cluster? (Choose two.)
 A. AWS Concierge
 B. AWS CloudFormation
 C. Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
 D. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
 E. AWS Management Console

100.





Which of the following is an AWS Cloud architecture design principle?
A. Implement single points of failure.
B. Implement loose coupling.
C. Implement monolithic design.
D. Implement vertical scaling.

Commented [MC97]: D
“A Reserved Instance is a reservation of resources and
capacity, for either one or three years, for a particular
Availability Zone within a region. When you purchase a
reservation, you commit to paying for all of the hours of
the 1- or 3-year term; in exchange, the hourly rate is
lowered significantly.
Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances (RI) provide a significant
discount (up to 72%) compared to On-Demand pricing and
provide a capacity reservation when used in a specific
Availability Zone. AWS Billing automatically applies your
RI’s discounted rate when attributes of EC2 instance usage
match attributes of an active RI.”
Incorrect answers:
...
Commented [MC98]: A, C
“CapEx (capital expenditure) is defined as business
expenses incurred in order to create long-term benefits in
the future, such as purchasing fixed assets like a building or
equipment. Some examples of IT items that fall under this
category would be whole systems and servers, printers and
scanners, or air conditioners and generators. You buy
these items once and they benefit your business for many,
many years. Maintenance of such items is also considered
CapEx, as it extends their lifetime and usefulness. Capex
can also be defined as Total Cost of Ownership (TCO).
...
Commented [MC99]: C
“The Cost & Usage Report is your one-stop-shop for
accessing the most granular data about your AWS costs
and usage. You can also load your cost and usage
information into Amazon Athena, Amazon Redshift, AWS
QuickSight, or a tool of your choice.”
Commented [MC100]: B, E
--B-Cloudformation - “Speed up cloud provisioning with
infrastructure as code. Gives you an easy way to model a
collection of related AWS and third-party resources,
provision them quickly and consistently, and manage
them throughout their lifecycles, by treating
infrastructure as code (IaC).”
--E--

...

Commented [MC101]: B
Loose coupling is a part of the ‘Reliability Design Principles
and Best Practices’
“In computing and systems design a loosely coupled
system is one in which each of its components has, or
makes use of, little or no knowledge of the definitions of
other separate components. Subareas include the coupling
of classes, interfaces, data, and services.
…
...

101-150

Commented [MC102]: B, E

101.
Which of the following security measures protect access to an AWS account?
(Choose two.)
 A. Enable AWS CloudTrail.
 B. Grant least privilege access to IAM users.
 C. Create one IAM user and share with many developers and users.
 D. Enable Amazon CloudFront.
 E. Activate multi-factor authentication (MFA) for privileged users.

“If you decided to create service accounts (that is,
accounts used for programmatic access by applications
running outside of the AWS environment) and generate
access keys for them, you should create a dedicated
service account for each use case. This will allow you to
restrict the associated policy to only the permissions
needed for the particular use case, limiting the blast
radius if the credentials are compromised. For example, if
a monitoring tool and a release management tool both
require access to your AWS environment, create two
separate service accounts with two separate policies that
define the minimum set of permissions for each tool.”

102.
Which service provides a hybrid storage service that enables on-premises
applications to seamlessly use cloud storage?
 A. Amazon Glacier
 B. AWS Snowball
 C. AWS Storage Gateway
 D. Amazon Elastic Block Storage (Amazon EBS)

“AWS Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) is a simple best
practice that adds an extra layer of protection on top of
your user name and password. With MFA enabled, when a
user signs in to an AWS Management Console, they will be
prompted for their user name and password (the first
factor—what they know), as well as for an authentication
code from their AWS MFA device (the second factor—what
they have). Taken together, these multiple factors provide...
Commented [MC103]: C

103.
Which of the following services falls under the responsibility of the customer to
maintain operating system configuration, security patching, and networking?
 A. Amazon RDS
 B. Amazon EC2
 C. Amazon ElastiCache
 D. AWS Fargate

“AWS Storage Gateway is a hybrid cloud storage service
that gives you on-premises access to virtually unlimited
cloud storage. Customers use Storage Gateway to simplify
storage management and reduce costs for key hybrid cloud
cloud storage use cases. These include moving tape
backups to the cloud, reducing on-premises storage with
cloud-backed file shares, providing low latency access to
data in AWS for on-premises applications, as well as
...
Commented [MC104]: B

104.
Which of the following is an important architectural design principle when designing
cloud applications?
 A. Use multiple Availability Zones.
 B. Use tightly coupled components.
 C. Use open source software.
 D. Provision extra capacity.

105.
Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) offers which of the following
benefits over traditional database management?
 A. AWS manages the data stored in Amazon RDS tables.
 B. AWS manages the maintenance of the operating system.
 C. AWS automatically scales up instance types on demand.
 D. AWS manages the database type.

“The customer is responsible for managing, support,
patching and control of the guest operating system and
AWS services provided like EC2.”
Commented [MC105]: A
This relates to ‘Reliability Design Principles and Best
Practices’
Each availability zone runs on its own physically distinct,
independent infrastructure, and is engineered to be
highly reliable. In case of an infrastructure failure in one
availability zone, the provision of resources other multiple
availability zones will minimise impact of the failure and ...
Commented [MC106]: B
“AWS Managed Services (such as AWS RDS) automates
common activities, such as change requests, monitoring,
patch management, security, and backup services, and
provides full-lifecycle services to provision, run, and
support your infrastructure.”

Incorrect Answers:
...

106.
Which service is best for storing common database query results, which helps to
alleviate database access load?
 A. Amazon Machine Learning
 B. Amazon SQS
 C. Amazon ElastiCache
 D. Amazon EC2 Instance Store

107.
Which of the following is a component of the shared responsibility model managed
entirely by AWS?
 A. Patching operating system software
 B. Encrypting data
 C. Enforcing multi-factor authentication
 D. Auditing physical data center assets

Commented [MC107]: C
“ElastiCache can serve frequently requested items at submillisecond response times, and enables you to easily
scale for higher loads without growing the costlier
backend databases. Database query results caching,
persistent session caching, and full-page caching are all
popular examples of caching.”
Commented [MC108]: D
“Amazon is responsible for auditing physical data center
assets and resources since it is the property of Amazon
Inc. Customers have no access to physical sites, hence
they are not responsible for maintaining physical data
center assets.”
Commented [MC109]: B, E

108.
Which options does AWS make available for customers who want to learn about
security in the cloud in an instructor-led setting? (Choose two.)
 A. AWS Trusted Advisor
 B. AWS Online Tech Talks
 C. AWS Blog
 D. AWS Forums
 E. AWS Classroom Training

109.
Which of the following features can be configured through the Amazon Virtual
Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) Dashboard? (Choose two.)
 A. Amazon CloudFront distributions
 B. Amazon Route 53
 C. Security Groups
 D. Subnets
 E. Elastic Load Balancing

110.
If each department within a company has its own AWS account, what is one way to
enable consolidated billing?
 A. Use AWS Budgets on each account to pay only to budget.
 B. Contact AWS Support for a monthly bill.
 C. Create an AWS Organization from the payer account and invite the other accounts
to join.
 D. Put all invoices into one Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket, load
data into Amazon Redshift, and then run a billing report.

Key term is instructor-led
--B-“Join us for online presentations led by AWS solutions
architects and engineers. AWS Online Tech Talks cover a
range of topics and expertise levels, and feature technical
deep dives, demonstrations, customer examples, and live
Q&A with AWS experts.”
--E-“Amazon offer both digital and classroom training
including private on-site training. You can choose to learn
online at your own pace or learn from an accredited AWS
instructor. Whether you're just starting out, building on
existing IT skills, or sharpening your cloud knowledge, AWS
Training and Certification can help you be more effective
and do more in the cloud.”
...
Commented [MC110]: C, D
“Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) lets you
provision a logically isolated section of the AWS Cloud
where you can launch AWS resources in a virtual network
that you define. You have complete control over your
virtual networking environment, including selection of
your own IP address range, creation of subnets, and
configuration of route tables and network gateways. You
can use both IPv4 and IPv6 in your VPC for secure and easy
access to resources and applications.
...
Commented [MC111]: C
“AWS Organizations helps you centrally manage and
govern your environment as you grow and scale your
AWS resources. As an administrator of an organization,
you can create accounts in your organization and invite
existing accounts to join the organization. Allows you to:
--programmatically create new AWS accounts and allocate
resources
--group accounts to organize your workflows
--apply policies to accounts or groups for governance
--define central configurations and audit requirements ...

111.





How do customers benefit from Amazon's massive economies of scale?
A. Periodic price reductions as the result of Amazon's operational efficiencies
B. New Amazon EC2 instance types providing the latest hardware
C. The ability to scale up and down when needed
D. Increased reliability in the underlying hardware of Amazon EC2 instances

112.
Which AWS services can be used to gather information about AWS account activity?
(Choose two.)
 A. Amazon CloudFront
 B. AWS Cloud9
 C. AWS CloudTrail
 D. AWS CloudHSM
 E. Amazon CloudWatch
113.
Which of the following common IT tasks can AWS cover to free up company IT
resources? (Choose two.)
 A. Patching databases software
 B. Testing application releases
 C. Backing up databases
 D. Creating database schema
 E. Running penetration tests

114.





In which scenario should Amazon EC2 Spot Instances be used?
A. A company wants to move its main website to AWS from an on-premises web
server.
B. A company has a number of application services whose Service Level Agreement
(SLA) requires 99.999% uptime.
C. A company's heavily used legacy database is currently running on-premises.
D. A company has a number of infrequent, interruptible jobs that are currently using
On-Demand Instances.

115.
Which AWS feature should a customer leverage to achieve high availability of an
application?
 A. AWS Direct Connect
 B. Availability Zones
 C. Data centers
 D. Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)

Commented [MC112]: A
“Benefit from massive economies of scale – By using cloud
computing, you can achieve a lower variable cost than you
can get on your own. Because usage from hundreds of
thousands of customers is aggregated in the cloud,
providers such as AWS can achieve higher economies of
scale, which translates into lower pay as-you-go prices.”

Commented [MC113]: C, E
--C-“AWS Cloudtrail - track user activity and API usage. Helps
you enable governance, compliance, and operational and
risk auditing of your AWS account. Actions taken by a user,
role, or an AWS service are recorded as events in
CloudTrail. Events include actions taken in the AWS
Management Console, AWS Command Line Interface, and
AWS SDKs and APIs.”
--E-“You can use CloudWatch queries to search API history
beyond the last 90 days.”
...
Commented [MC114]: A, C
If taking RDS as example, both patching and backups are
covered.
“RDS makes it easy to set up, operate, and scale a
relational database in the cloud. It provides cost-efficient
and resizable capacity while automating time-consuming
administration tasks such as hardware provisioning,
database setup, patching and backups. It frees you to
focus on your applications so you can give them the fast ...
Commented [MC115]: D
“Amazon EC2 Spot Instances let you take advantage of
unused EC2 capacity in the AWS cloud. Spot Instances are
available at up to a 90% discount compared to OnDemand prices. You can use Spot Instances for various
stateless, fault-tolerant, or flexible applications such as
big data, containerized workloads, CI/CD, web servers,
high-performance computing (HPC), and test &
development workloads. Because Spot Instances are
tightly integrated with AWS services such as Auto Scaling,
EMR, ECS, CloudFormation, Data Pipeline and AWS Batch,...
Commented [MC116]: B
“This is to achieve High Availability for any web
application deployed in AWS. The following features will
be present:
✑ High availability across multiple instances/multiple
availability zones.
✑ Auto Scaling of instances (scale up and scale down)
based on number of requests coming in
✑ Additional Security to the instances/database that are
in production
...

116.
Which is the minimum AWS Support plan that includes Infrastructure Event
Management without additional costs?
 A. Enterprise
 B. Business
 C. Developer
 D. Basic

Commented [MC117]: A
Enterprise support: Infrastructure Event Management
included as standard.

Incorrect answers:

117.





Which AWS service can serve a static website?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon Route 53
C. Amazon QuickSight
D. AWS X-Ray






How does AWS shorten the time to provision IT resources?
A. It supplies an online IT ticketing platform for resource requests.
B. It supports automatic code validation services.
C. It provides the ability to programmatically provision existing resources.
D. It automates the resource request process from a company's IT vendor list.

118.

119.






What can AWS edge locations be used for? (Choose two.)
A. Hosting applications
B. Delivering content closer to users
C. Running NoSQL database caching services
D. Reducing traffic on the server by caching responses
E. Sending notification messages to end users

120.
Which of the following can limit Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket
access to specific users?
 A. A public and private key-pair
 B. Amazon Inspector
 C. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policies
 D. Security Groups

--Business support: Access to Infrastructure Event
Management for additional fee.
Commented [MC118]: A
“You can host a static website on Amazon Simple Storage
Service (Amazon S3). On a static website, individual
webpages include static content. They might also contain
client-side scripts. By contrast, a dynamic website relies on
server-side processing, including server-side scripts such as
PHP, JSP, or ASP.NET. Amazon S3 does not support serverside scripting.”
Commented [MC119]: C
“AWS CloudFormation gives you an easy way to model a
collection of related AWS and third-party resources,
provision them quickly and consistently, and manage
them throughout their lifecycles, by treating
infrastructure as code. A CloudFormation template
describes your desired resources and their dependencies
so you can launch and configure them together as a stack.
You can use a template to create, update, and delete an
entire stack as a single unit, as often as you need to,
instead of managing resources individually. You can
manage and provision stacks across multiple AWS accounts
and AWS Regions.”
In this same regard, AWS Lambda can fulfil this same
requirement https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mt/automate-account- ...
Commented [MC120]: B, D
“Edge Locations are endpoints used for caching content.
They are located in most of the major cities around the
world and are specifically used by CloudFront to distribute
AWS content closer to end-users to reduce latency.”
Incorrect answers:
C
Commented [MC121]: C
“To allow users to perform S3 actions on the bucket from
the VPC endpoints or IP addresses, you must explicitly
grant those user-level permissions. You can grant userlevel permissions on either an AWS Identity and Access
Management (IAM) policy or another statement in the
bucket policy.”

...

121.
A solution that is able to support growth in users, traffic, or data size with no drop in
performance aligns with which cloud architecture principle?
 A. Think parallel
 B. Implement elasticity
 C. Decouple your components
 D. Design for failure

122.
A company will be moving from an on-premises data center to the AWS Cloud. What
would be one financial difference after the move?
 A. Moving from variable operational expense (opex) to upfront capital expense
(capex).
 B. Moving from upfront capital expense (capex) to variable capital expense (capex).
 C. Moving from upfront capital expense (capex) to variable operational expense
(opex).
 D. Elimination of upfront capital expense (capex) and elimination of variable
operational expense (opex)
123.





How should a customer forecast the future costs for running a new web application?
A. Amazon Aurora Backtrack
B. Amazon CloudWatch Billing Alarms
C. AWS Pricing Calculator
D. AWS Cost and Usage report

124.
Which is the MINIMUM AWS Support plan that provides technical support through
phone calls?
 A. Enterprise
 B. Business
 C. Developer
 D. Basic

Commented [MC122]: B
“In cloud computing, elasticity is defined as "the degree
to which a system is able to adapt to workload changes
by provisioning and de-provisioning resources in an
autonomic manner, such that at each point in time the
available resources match the current demand as closely
as possible
Some cloud solutions can also be automatically adjusted to
meet these needs. This means you can set them up to
scale up or down automatically based on certain
conditions, like when your cloud solution is running out of
processing power.”
Commented [MC123]: C
“The cloud allows you to trade high initial CapEx (such as
data centers and physical servers) for a variable OpEx
model, and only pay for IT as you consume it. Plus, the
variable OpEx expenses are much lower than what you
would pay to do it yourself because of the massive
economies of scale that AWS has created.”
Commented [MC124]: C
“AWS Pricing Calculator - Configure a cost estimate that
fits your unique business or personal needs with AWS
products and services. Previously known as Simply
Monthly Calculator. Transparent pricing lets you see the
math behind the price for your service configurations.
View prices per service or per group of services to analyse
your architecture costs.
Configure services, or groups of services, in multiple AWS
Regions. Prices and availability of AWS services vary per
Region.
See and analyse service costs grouped by different parts of
your architecture.“
...

125.





Which of the following tasks is the responsibility of AWS?
A. Encrypting client-side data
B. Configuring AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles
C. Securing the Amazon EC2 hypervisor
D. Setting user password policies

Commented [MC125]: B
Business: 24x7 phone, email, and chat access to Cloud
Support Engineers
Incorrect Answers:
Enterprise: Also provides the above services (and
additional services such as AWS Concierge and a
Designated Technical Account Manager), however at a
much higher cost.

...

Commented [MC126]: C
In EC2, everything from the physical servers to the
hypervisor is AWS's responsibility. A customer's has
responsibility for the applications, operating systems, and
other software running on the hypervisor.

126.





One benefit of On-Demand Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) pricing is:
A. the ability to bid for a lower hourly cost.
B. paying a daily rate regardless of time used.
C. paying only for time used.
D. pre-paying for instances and paying a lower hourly rate.

127.
An administrator needs to rapidly deploy a popular IT solution and start using it
immediately where can the administrator find assistance?
 A. AWS Well-Architected Framework documentation
 B. Amazon CloudFront
 C. AWS CodeCommit
 D. AWS Quick Start reference deployments

128.





Which of the following services is in the category of AWS serverless platform?
A. Amazon EMR
B. Elastic Load Balancing
C. AWS Lambda
D. AWS Mobile Hub






Which services are parts of the AWS serverless platform?
A. Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, Amazon Athena
B. Amazon Kinesis, Amazon SQS, Amazon EMR
C. AWS Step Functions, Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon SNS
D. Amazon Athena, Amazon Cognito, Amazon EC2

129.

130.
AWS?





According to the AWS shared responsibility model, what is the sole responsibility of
A. Application security
B. Edge location management
C. Patch management
D. Client-side data

Commented [MC127]: C
“On-Demand Instances let you pay for compute capacity
by the hour or second (minimum of 60 seconds) with no
long-term commitments. You have full control over its
lifecycle—you decide when to launch, stop, hibernate,
start, reboot, or terminate it. This frees you from the costs
and complexities of planning, purchasing, and maintaining
hardware and transforms what are commonly large fixed
costs into much smaller variable costs.”
Commented [MC128]: D
“Quick Starts are built by AWS solutions architects and
partners to help you deploy popular technologies on
AWS, based on AWS best practices for security and high
availability. These accelerators reduce hundreds of
manual procedures into just a few steps, so you can build
your production environment quickly and start using it
immediately.”
Commented [CM129]: C
“AWS provides a set of fully managed services that you can
use to build and run serverless applications. Serverless
applications don't require provisioning, maintaining, and
administering servers for backend components such as
compute, databases, storage, stream processing, message
queueing, and more. You also no longer need to worry
about ensuring application fault tolerance and availability.
Instead, AWS handles all of these capabilities for you.
Serverless platform includes:
--AWS Lambda, Amazon S3, Amazon Athena, DynamoDB,
API gateway, Amazon SNS, Amazon SQS, AWS step
functions, Amazon kinesis and developing tools and
services.”
...
Commented [CM130]: C
“AWS provides a set of fully managed services that you can
use to build and run serverless applications. Serverless
applications don't require provisioning, maintaining, and
administering servers for backend components such as
compute, databases, storage, stream processing, message
queueing, and more. You also no longer need to worry
about ensuring application fault tolerance and availability.
Instead, AWS handles all of these capabilities for you.
Serverless platform includes:
...
Commented [CM131]: B
Edge location management - this out of the control of the
customer, AWS is responsible for it as it is part of their
physical infrastructure.
“Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility
between AWS and the customer. This shared model can
help relieve the customer’s operational burden as AWS
operates, manages and controls the components from
the host operating system and virtualization layer down ...

131.
Which AWS IAM feature is used to associate a set of permissions with multiple
users?
 A. Multi-factor authentication
 B. Groups
 C. Password policies
 D. Access keys

132.






Which of the following are benefits of the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
A. Unlimited uptime
B. Elasticity
C. Agility
D. Colocation
E. Capital expenses

133.
Which of the following can a customer use to enable single sign-on (SSO) to the AWS
Console?
 A. Amazon Connect
 B. AWS Directory Service
 C. Amazon Pinpoint
 D. Amazon Rekognition

Commented [CM132]: B
“An IAM group is a collection of IAM users. You can use
groups to specify permissions for a collection of users,
which can make those permissions easier to manage. For
example, you could have a group called Admins and give
that group the types of permissions that administrators
typically need.”
Commented [CM133]: B, C
--B-“The most celebrated benefit of AWS cloud is elasticity
since you can expand the services when you experience
more traffic.
In cloud computing, elasticity is defined as "the degree to
which a system is able to adapt to workload changes by
provisioning and de-provisioning resources in an
autonomic manner, such that at each point in time the
available resources match the current demand as closely
as possible”
--C-“Agile developments in AWS Cloud through strategies are
day by day becoming more established within the
enterprises across the world. With so much improvement
and call for optimization in the cloud, it is necessary that ...
Commented [CM134]: B

134.
What are the multiple, isolated locations within an AWS Region that are connected
by low-latency networks called?
 A. AWS Direct Connects
 B. Amazon VPCs
 C. Edge locations
 D. Availability Zones

“Single sign-on only works when used on a computer that
is joined to the AWS Directory Service directory. It cannot
be used on computers that are not joined to the directory.
AWS SSO is an AWS service that enables you to use your
existing credentials from your Microsoft Active Directory
to access your cloud-based applications.”
...
Commented [CM135]: D

135.
Which of the following benefits does the AWS Compliance program provide to AWS
customers? (Choose two.)
 A. It verifies that hosted workloads are automatically compliant with the controls of
supported compliance frameworks.
 B. AWS is responsible for the maintenance of common compliance framework
documentation.
 C. It assures customers that AWS is maintaining physical security and data
protection.
 D. It ensures the use of compliance frameworks that are being used by other cloud
providers.
 E. It will adopt new compliance frameworks as they become relevant to customer
workloads.

136.
Which of the following services provides on-demand access to AWS compliance
reports?

“Each Region is completely independent. Each Availability
Zone is isolated, but the Availability Zones in a Region are
connected through low-latency links. “
Commented [CM136]: After reading quite a lot of
information I have surmised the gist is:
--AWS continuously tries to audit and improve their
compliance with many, many compliance frameworks,
laws and such…
--This will help customers’ to trust AWS’s ability to
maintain physical security and data protection (as well as
meet a lot of other compliance and legal requirements) as...
Commented [MC137]: B
“AWS Artifact is your go-to, central resource for
compliance-related information that matters to you. It
provides on-demand access to AWS' security and
compliance reports and select online agreements. Reports
available in AWS Artifact include our Service Organization
Control (SOC) reports, Payment Card
...






A. AWS IAM
B. AWS Artifact
C. Amazon GuardDuty
D. AWS KMS

137.
As part of the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following operational
controls do users fully inherit from AWS?
 A. Security management of data center
 B. Patch management
 C. Configuration management
 D. User and access management
138.
When comparing AWS Cloud with on-premises Total Cost of Ownership, which
expenses must be considered? (Choose two.)
 A. Software development
 B. Project management
 C. Storage hardware
 D. Physical servers
 E. Antivirus software license

139.
Under the shared responsibility model, which of the following tasks are the
responsibility of the customer? (Choose two.)
 A. Maintaining the underlying Amazon EC2 hardware.
 B. Managing the VPC network access control lists.
 C. Encrypting data in transit and at rest.
 D. Replacing failed hard disk drives.
 E. Deploying hardware in different Availability Zones.

140.






Which scenarios represent the concept of elasticity on AWS? (Choose two.)
A. Scaling the number of Amazon EC2 instances based on traffic.
B. Resizing Amazon RDS instances as business needs change.
C. Automatically directing traffic to less-utilized Amazon EC2 instances.
D. Using AWS compliance documents to accelerate the compliance process.
E. Having the ability to create and govern environments using code.

Commented [CM138]: A
“AWS presumes that users "inherit" the physical security
attributes of its data centers. AWS manages these
variables, which include physical controls, such as locked
doors and video surveillance, and environmental controls,
such as temperature and humidity.”
Commented [MC139]: C, D
Storage hardware and physical server TCO will vary
depending on the hosting environment that is chosen.
“CapEx (capital expenditure) is defined as business
expenses incurred in order to create long-term benefits in
the future, such as purchasing fixed assets like a building or
equipment. Some examples of IT items that fall under this
category would be whole systems and servers, printers
and scanners, or air conditioners and generators. You buy
these items once and they benefit your business for many,
many years. Maintenance of such items is also considered
CapEx, as it extends their lifetime and usefulness. Capex
can also be defined as Total Cost of Ownership (TCO).”
Incorrect answers:
--Regardless of where you host your workload you will still
need software development, project management and
(most likely) an antivirus software license.
Commented [MC140]: B, C
--B-VPC network access control lists is something a customer
has to do himself to secure the applications.
“A network access control list (ACL) is an optional layer of
security for your VPC that acts as a firewall for controlling
traffic in and out of one or more subnets. You might set up
network ACLs with rules similar to your security groups in
order to add an additional layer of security to your VPC.”
--C-“Encrypting data in transit and at rest is a shared
responsibility in which both customer and AWS play a
part.”
“Also, note that the customer:

...

Commented [MC141]: A, B
In cloud computing, elasticity is defined as "the degree to
which a system is able to adapt to workload changes by
provisioning and de-provisioning resources in an
autonomic manner, such that at each point in time the
available resources match the current demand as closely
as possible
Some cloud solutions can also be automatically adjusted to
meet these needs. This means you can set them up to
scale up or down automatically based on certain
conditions, like when your cloud solution is has too many
resources of which some are being under-utilised or if you...

141.





When is it beneficial for a company to use a Spot Instance?
A. When there is flexibility in when an application needs to run
B. When there are mission-critical workloads.
C. When dedicated capacity is needed.
D. When an instance should not be stopped.

142.
A company is considering moving its on-premises data center to AWS. What factors
should be included in doing a Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) analysis? (Choose two.)
 A. Amazon EC2 instance availability
 B. Power consumption of the data center
 C. Labor costs to replace old servers
 D. Application developer time
 E. Database engine capacity
143.





How does AWS charge for AWS Lambda?
A. Users bid on the maximum price they are willing to pay per hour.
B. Users choose a 1-, 3- or 5-year upfront payment term.
C. Users pay for the required permanent storage on a file system or in a database.
D. Users pay based on the number of requests and consumed compute resources.

Commented [MC142]: A
“Spot Instance prices are set by Amazon EC2 and adjust
gradually based on long-term trends in supply and demand
for Spot Instance capacity. When you request Spot
Instances, we recommend that you use the default
maximum price (the On-Demand price). When your
request is fulfilled, your Spot Instances launch at the
current Spot price, not exceeding the On-Demand price. If
you want to specify a maximum price, we recommend that
you first review the Spot price history.”
“Rather than allowing these computing resources to go to
waste, AWS offers them at a substantially discounted rate,
with the understanding that if someone needs those
resources for running a normal EC2 instance, that instance...
Commented [MC143]: B, C
The idea behind this question is what costs to consider if
the company leaves its IT resources on-premises. B & C are
exclusively on-premeses expenses that will not be
incurred when using AWS services.
Incorrect answers:
--A-- EC2 instance availability will not be a concern for
customers, AWS handles provisioning new hardware to
ensure there is always adequate EC2 capacity
...
Commented [MC144]: D

144.
What function do security groups serve related Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud
(Amazon EC2) instance security?
 A. Act as a virtual firewall for the Amazon EC2 instance.
 B. Secure AWS user accounts with AWS identity and Access Management (IAM)
policies.
 C. Provide DDoS protection with AWS Shield.
 D. Use Amazon CloudFront to protect the Amazon EC2 instance.

“AWS Lambda is charging its users by the number of
requests for their functions and by the duration, which is
the time the code needs to execute. When code starts
running in response to an event, AWS Lambda counts a
request. It will charge the total number of requests across
all of the functions used. Duration is calculated by the
time when your code started executing until it returns or
until it is terminated, rounded up near to 100ms. The ...
Commented [MC145]: A

145.





Which disaster recovery scenario offers the lowest probability of down time?
A. Backup and restore
B. Pilot light
C. Warm standby
D. Multi-site active-active

“AWS Security Groups act like a firewall for your Amazon
EC2 instances controlling both inbound and outbound
traffic. When you launch an instance on Amazon EC2, you
need to assign it to a particular security group. After that,
you can set up ports and protocols, which remain open for
users and computers over the internet.
AWS Security Groups are very flexible. You can use the
default security group and still customize it according to
your liking (although we don't recommend this practice ...
Commented [MC146]: D
“✑ Backup and Restore: a simple, straightforward, costeffective method that backs up and restores data as
needed. Keep in mind that because none of your data is on
standby, this method, while cheap, can be quite timeconsuming.
✑ Pilot Light: This method keeps critical applications and
data at the ready so that it can be quickly retrieved if
needed.
...

146.
What will help a company perform a cost benefit analysis of migrating to the AWS
Cloud?
 A. Cost Explorer
 B. AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator
 C. AWS Pricing Calculator
 D. AWS Trusted Advisor

147.
Which of the following provides the ability to share the cost benefits of Reserved
Instances across AWS accounts?
 A. AWS Cost Explorer between AWS accounts
 B. Linked accounts and consolidated billing
 C. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Reserved Instance Utilization
Report
 D. Amazon EC2 Instance Usage Report between AWS accounts
148.
A company has multiple AWS accounts and wants to simplify and consolidate its
billing process. Which AWS service will achieve this?
 A. AWS Cost and Usage Reports
 B. AWS Organizations
 C. AWS Cost Explorer
 D. AWS Budgets

Commented [MC147]: B
The question is talking about a company trying to
understand what their cost benefit would be by moving
from on premise IT infrastructure over to the AWS cloud.
The TCO calculator is the tool that will perform this
function so B is the correct answer.
“The TCO (Total Cost of Ownership) tool makes a
comparison between On Premise IT infrastructure
expense the equivalent expense that would exist in the
AWS cloud. It then lets the customer know what their cost
savings would be if they decided to move their existing IT
infrastructure to the AWS cloud.”
Incorrect answers:
...
Commented [MC148]: B
“The way that Reserved Instance discounts apply to
accounts in an organization's consolidated billing family
depends on whether Reserved Instance sharing is turned
on or off for the account. By default, Reserved Instance
sharing for all accounts in an organization is turned on.
You can change this setting by Turning Off Reserved
Instance Sharing for an account.
…
The capacity reservation for a Reserved Instance applies
only to the account the Reserved Instance was purchased...
Commented [MC149]: B

149.
A company is designing an application hosted in a single AWS Region serving endusers spread across the world. The company wants to provide the end-users low latency
access to the application data. Which of the following services will help fulfill this
requirement?
 A. Amazon CloudFront
 B. AWS Direct Connect
 C. Amazon Route 53 global DNS
 D. Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) transfer acceleration

“AWS Organizations helps you centrally manage and
govern your environment as you grow and scale your AWS
resources. As an administrator of an organization, you can
create accounts in your organization and invite existing
accounts to join the organization. Allows you to:
--programmatically create new AWS accounts and allocate
resources
--group accounts to organize your workflows
--apply policies to accounts or groups for governance
--define central configurations and audit requirements ...
Commented [MC150]: A

150.
Which of the following deployment models enables customers to fully trade their
capital IT expenses for operational expenses?
 A. On-premises
 B. Hybrid
 C. Cloud
 D. Platform as a service

“Cloudfront enables low-latency delivery to the end users
by caching the frequently used data to the edge
locations”
Incorrect answers:
AWS Direct Connect lets you establish a dedicated network
connection between your network and one of the AWS
Direct Connect locations.
...
Commented [MC151]: C
“The cloud allows you to trade capital expenses (such as
data centers and physical servers) for variable expenses,
and only pay for IT as you consume it. Plus, the variable
expenses are much lower than what you would pay to do
it yourself because of the economies of scale.”

151-200
Commented [MC152]: A

151.
How is asset management on AWS easier than asset management in a physical data
center?
 A. AWS provides a Configuration Management Database that users can maintain.
 B. AWS performs infrastructure discovery scans on the customer's behalf.
 C. Amazon EC2 automatically generates an asset report and places it in the
customer's specified Amazon S3 bucket.
 D. Users can gather asset metadata reliably with a few API calls.

152.





What feature of Amazon RDS helps to create globally redundant databases?
A. Snapshots
B. Automatic patching and updating
C. Cross-Region read replicas
D. Provisioned IOPS







Which methods can be used to identify AWS costs by departments? (Choose two.)
A. Enable multi-factor authentication for the AWS account root user.
B. Create separate accounts for each department.
C. Use Reserved Instances whenever possible.
D. Use tags to associate each instance with a particular department.
E. Pay bills using purchase orders.

153.

154.
Under the AWS shared responsibility model, customer responsibilities include which
one of the following?
 A. Securing the hardware, software, facilities, and networks that run all products and
services.
 B. Providing certificates, reports, and other documentation directly to AWS
customers under NDA.
 C. Configuring the operating system, network, and firewall.
 D. Obtaining industry certifications and independent third-party attestations.

155.
Which managed AWS service provides real-time guidance on AWS security best
practices?
 A. AWS X-Ray
 B. AWS Trusted Advisor
 C. Amazon CloudWatch
 D. AWS Systems Manager

“AWS assets are centrally managed through an inventory
management system that stores and tracks owner,
location, status, maintenance, and descriptive
information for AWS-owned assets. Following
procurement, assets are scanned and tracked, and assets
undergoing maintenance are checked and monitored for
ownership, status, and resolution
…
To build your own asset management database on AWS
here are the prerequisites:
--Configure AWS System Manager to start collecting the
software inventory and store in designated Amazon S3
bucket.
...
Commented [MC153]: C
“Read Replicas - You can use this feature to implement a
cross-region disaster recovery model, scale out globally,
or migrate an existing database to a new region:
Improve Disaster Recovery – You can operate a read
replica in a region different from your master database
region. In case of a regional disruption, you can promote
the replica to be the new master and keep your business
in operation.
...
Commented [MC154]: B, D
--B-Create separate accounts and join them together using
AWS Organizations.
--D-“Tags are key-value pairs that allow you to organize your
AWS resources into groups. You can use tags to:
✑ Visualize information about tagged resources in one
place, in conjunction with Resource Groups.
...
Commented [MC155]: C
“In EC2, everything from the physical servers to the
hypervisor is AWS's responsibility. A customer's assumes
responsibility and management of the guest operating
system (including updates and security patches), other
associated application software as well as the
configuration of the AWS provided security group
firewall.”
Incorrect answers:

...

Commented [MC156]: B
“AWS Trusted Advisor is an online tool that provides you
real time guidance to help you provision your resources
following AWS best practices. Trusted Advisor checks help
optimize your AWS infrastructure, increase security and
performance, reduce your overall costs, and monitor
service limits. Whether establishing new workflows,
developing applications, or as part of ongoing
improvement, take advantage of the recommendations ...

156.
Which feature adds elasticity to Amazon EC2 instances to handle the changing
demand for workloads?
 A. Resource groups
 B. Lifecycle policies
 C. Application Load Balancer
 D. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
157.
Under the AWS shared responsibility model, customers are responsible for which
aspects of security in the cloud? (Choose two.)
 A. Visualization management
 B. Hardware management
 C. Encryption management
 D. Facilities management
 E. Firewall management

158.
Which AWS hybrid storage service enables on-premises applications to seamlessly
use AWS Cloud storage through standard file-storage protocols?
 A. AWS Direct Connect
 B. AWS Snowball
 C. AWS Storage Gateway
 D. AWS Snowball Edge

159.





What is a responsibility of AWS in the shared responsibility model?
A. Updating the network ACLs to block traffic to vulnerable ports.
B. Patching operating systems running on Amazon EC2 instances.
C. Updating the firmware on the underlying EC2 hosts.
D. Updating the security group rules to block traffic to the vulnerable ports.

Commented [MC157]: D
“Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling helps you maintain application
availability and allows you to automatically add or
remove EC2 instances according to conditions you define.
You can use the fleet management features of EC2 Auto
Scaling to maintain the health and availability of your
fleet.”
Commented [MC158]: C, E
“With the basic Cloud infrastructure secured and
maintained by AWS, the responsibility for what goes into
the cloud falls on you. This covers both client and server
side encryption and network traffic protection, security of
the operating system, network, and firewall
configuration, followed by application security and
identity and access management.
…
Firewall configuration remains the responsibility of the
end user, which integrates at the platform and application
management level. For example, RDS utilizes security
groups, which you would be responsible for configuring
and implementing.”
Commented [MC159]: C
“The AWS Storage Gateway service enables hybrid cloud
storage between on-premises environments and the AWS
Cloud. It seamlessly integrates on-premises enterprise
applications and workflows with Amazon's block and
object cloud storage services through industry standard
storage protocols. It provides low-latency performance by
caching frequently accessed data on premises, while
storing data securely and durably in Amazon cloud storage
services. It provides an optimized data transfer mechanism
and bandwidth management, which tolerates unreliable ...
Commented [MC160]: C

160.
Which architectural principle is used when deploying an Amazon Relational
Database Service (Amazon RDS) instance in Multiple Availability Zone mode?
 A. Implement loose coupling.
 B. Design for failure.
 C. Automate everything that can be automated.
 D. Use services, not servers.

“Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility
between AWS and the customer. This shared model can
help relieve customer's operational burden as AWS
operates, manages and controls the components from
the host operating system and virtualization layer down
to the physical security of the facilities in which the
service operates. The customer assumes responsibility and
management of the guest operating system (including
updates and security patches), other associated
...
Commented [MC161]: B
“When you provision a Multi-AZ DB Instance, Amazon RDS
automatically creates a primary DB Instance and
synchronously replicates the data to a standby instance in
a different Availability Zone (AZ). Each AZ runs on its own
physically distinct, independent infrastructure, and is
engineered to be highly reliable. In case of an
infrastructure failure, Amazon RDS performs an
automatic failover to the standby (or to a read replica in
the case of Amazon Aurora), so that you can resume
database operations as soon as the failover is complete. ...

161.





What does it mean to grant least privilege to AWS IAM users?
A. It is granting permissions to a single user only.
B. It is granting permissions using AWS IAM policies only.
C. It is granting Administrator Access policy permissions to trustworthy users.
D. It is granting only the permissions required to perform a given task.

162.
A director has been tasked with investigating hybrid cloud architecture. The
company currently accesses AWS over the public internet. Which service will facilitate
private hybrid connectivity?
 A. Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) NAT Gateway
 B. AWS Direct Connect
 C. Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) Transfer Acceleration
 D. AWS Web Application Firewall (AWS WAF)

163.
A company's web application currently has tight dependencies on underlying
components, so when one component fails the entire web application fails. Applying which
AWS Cloud design principle will address the current design issue?
 A. Implementing elasticity, enabling the application to scale up or scale down as
demand changes.
 B. Enabling several EC2 instances to run in parallel to achieve better performance.
 C. Focusing on decoupling components by isolating them and ensuring individual
components can function when other components fail.
 D. Doubling EC2 computing resources to increase system fault tolerance.

164.






How can a customer increase security to AWS account logons? (Choose two.)
A. Configure AWS Certificate Manager
B. Enable Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)
C. Use Amazon Cognito to manage access
D. Configure a strong password policy
E. Enable AWS Organizations

165.
What AWS service would be used to centrally manage AWS access across multiple
accounts?
 A. AWS Service Catalog
 B. AWS Config
 C. AWS Trusted Advisor
 D. AWS Organizations

Commented [MC162]: D
“When you create IAM policies, follow the standard
security advice of granting least privilege, or granting only
the permissions required to perform a task.
Determine what users (and roles) need to do and then
craft policies that allow them to perform only those tasks.”

Commented [MC163]: B
“Amazon VPC provides multiple network connectivity
options for you to leverage depending on your current
network designs and requirements. These connectivity
options include leveraging either the internet (VPN) or a
dedicated private AWS Direct Connect connection as the
network backbone and terminating the connection into
either AWS or user-managed network endpoints.
Additionally, with AWS, you can choose how network
routing is delivered between Amazon VPC and your
networks, leveraging either AWS or user-managed network
equipment and routes.”
Commented [MC164]: C
“Loose coupling - IT systems should ideally be designed in
a way that reduces inter-dependencies. Your components
need to be loosely coupled to avoid changes or failure in
one of the components from affecting others.
Your infrastructure also needs to have well defined
interfaces that allow the various components to interact
with each other only through specific, technology- agnostic
interfaces. Modifying any underlying operations without
affecting other components should be made possible.”
Commented [MC165]: B, D
--B-“AWS Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) is a simple best
practice that adds an extra layer of protection on top of
your user name and password. With MFA enabled, when a
user signs in to an AWS Management Console, they will be
prompted for their user name and password (the first
factor—what they know), as well as for an authentication
code from their AWS MFA device (the second factor—what
they have). Taken together, these multiple factors provide
increased security for your AWS account settings and
resources.”
...
Commented [MC166]: D
“AWS Organizations helps you centrally manage and
govern your environment as you grow and scale your AWS
resources. As an administrator of an organization, you can
create accounts in your organization and invite existing
accounts to join the organization. Allows you to:
--programmatically create new AWS accounts and allocate
resources
--group accounts to organize your workflows
--apply policies to accounts or groups for governance
--define central configurations and audit requirements ...

166.
Which AWS service can a customer use to set up an alert notification when the
account is approaching a particular dollar amount?
 A. AWS Cost and Usage reports
 B. AWS Budgets
 C. AWS Cost Explorer
 D. AWS Trusted Advisor

167.





What can users access from AWS Artifact?
A. AWS security and compliance documents
B. A download of configuration management details for all AWS resources
C. Training materials for AWS services
D. A security assessment of the applications deployed in the AWS Cloud

168.
Which of the following is an AWS Well-Architected Framework design principle
related to reliability?
 A. Deployment to a single Availability Zone
 B. Ability to recover from failure
 C. Design for cost optimization
 D. Perform operations as code

169.
Which type of AWS storage is ephemeral and is deleted when an instance is stopped
or terminated?
 A. Amazon EBS
 B. Amazon EC2 instance store
 C. Amazon EFS
 D. Amazon S3

Commented [MC167]: B
“AWS Budgets gives you the ability to set custom budgets
that alert you when your costs or usage exceed (or are
forecasted to exceed) your budgeted amount. You can
also use AWS Budgets to set reservation utilization or
coverage targets and receive alerts when your utilization
drops below the threshold you define.”
Commented [MC168]: A
“AWS Artifact is your go-to, central resource for
compliance-related information that matters to you. It
provides on-demand access to AWS' security and
compliance reports and select online agreements. Reports
available in AWS Artifact include our Service Organization
Control (SOC) reports, Payment Card
Industry (PCI) reports, and certifications from accreditation
bodies across geographies and compliance verticals that
validate the implementation and operating effectiveness
of AWS security controls. Agreements available in AWS
Artifact include the Business Associate Addendum (BAA)
and the Nondisclosure Agreement
(NDA).”
Commented [MC169]: B
“There are five design principles for reliability in the cloud:
--Automatically recover from failure
--Scale horizontally to increase aggregate system
availability
--Stop guessing capacity
--Manage change in automation
--Test recovery procedures - Use automation to simulate
different failures or to recreate scenarios that led to
failures before”
Commented [MC170]: B

170.
What is an advantage of using the AWS Cloud over a traditional on-premises
solution?
 A. Users do not have to guess about future capacity needs.
 B. Users can utilize existing hardware contracts for purchases.
 C. Users can fix costs no matter what their traffic is.
 D. Users can avoid audits by using reports from AWS.

“When you stop or terminate an EC2 instance, every
block of storage in the instance store is reset. Therefore,
your data cannot be accessed through the instance store
of another instance.”
Commented [MC171]: A
“6 Advantages of Cloud Computing:
--Trade capital expense for variable expense
--Benefit from massive economies of scale
--Stop guessing about capacity (i.e. elasticity)
--Increased speed and agility
--Stop spending money running and maintaining data
centres
--Go global in minutes“

171.





Which of the following is an AWS-managed compute service?
A. Amazon SWF
B. Amazon EC2
C. AWS Lambda
D. Amazon Aurora

172.
Which of the following is an important architectural principle when designing cloud
applications?
 A. Store data and backups in the same region.
 B. Design tightly coupled system components.
 C. Avoid multi-threading.
 D. Design for failure

173.





Which mechanism allows developers to access AWS services from application code?
A. AWS Software Development Kit
B. AWS Management Console
C. AWS CodePipeline
D. AWS Config

174.
Which Amazon EC2 pricing model is the MOST cost efficient for an uninterruptible
workload that runs once a year for 24 hours?
 A. On-Demand Instances
 B. Reserved Instances
 C. Spot Instances
 D. Dedicated Instances
175.
Which of the following services allows running of a MySQL-compatible database that
automatically grows storage as needed? (Choose two)
 A. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
 B. Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) for MySQL
 C. Amazon Lightsail
 D. Amazon Aurora

Commented [MC172]: C
“AWS Managed Services is a set of services and tools that
automate infrastructure management tasks for Amazon
Web Services (AWS) deployments.”
“AWS Lambda is a serverless compute service that lets
you run code without provisioning or managing servers,
creating workload-aware cluster scaling logic, maintaining
event integrations, or managing runtimes. With Lambda,
you can run code for virtually any type of application or
backend service - all with zero administration. Just upload
your code as a ZIP file or container image, and Lambda
automatically and precisely allocates compute execution
power and runs your code based on the incoming request
or event, for any scale of traffic. You can set up your code
to automatically trigger from 140 AWS services or call it
directly from any web or mobile app. You can write
Lambda functions in your favorite language (Node.js,
Python, Go, Java, and more) and use both serverless and ...
Commented [MC173]: D
“There are six design principles for operational excellence
in the cloud:
✑ Perform operations as code
✑ Annotate documentation
✑ Make frequent, small, reversible changes
✑ Refine operations procedures frequently
✑ Anticipate failure
✑ Learn from all operational failures”
...
Commented [MC174]: A
“With SDKs access and manage AWS services with your
preferred development language or platform”
Commented [MC175]: A
Question states 24 hours once a year meaning just one
specific day of the year so 1 year reserved instance will
make 364 days a waste.
"Uninterruptible workload" so the answer can't be spot
instances.
Dedicated instances are more expensive than on-demand
instances
...
Commented [MC176]: B,D
--B—
RDS MySQL has an autoscaling option enabled by default
at 1TB (Max 64TB)
--D-Aurora storage automatically grows in increments of
10GB, up to 64 TB.

176.
Which Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) feature enables users to connect
two VPCs together?
 A. Amazon VPC endpoints
 B. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) ClassicLink
 C. Amazon VPC peering
 D. AWS Direct Connect

177.





Which service's PRIMARY purpose is software version control?
A. Amazon CodeStar
B. AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)
C. Amazon Cognito
D. AWS CodeCommit

178.
A company is considering migrating its applications to AWS. The company wants to
compare the cost of running the workload on-premises to running the equivalent workload
on the AWS platform. Which tool can be used to perform this comparison?
 A. AWS Pricing Calculator
 B. AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator
 C. AWS Billing and Cost Management console
 D. Cost Explorer

179.
Which AWS service provides a secure, fast, and cost-effective way to migrate or
transport exabyte-scale datasets into AWS?
 A. AWS Batch
 B. AWS Snowball
 C. AWS Migration Hub
 D. AWS Snowmobile
180.






Which of the following BEST describe the AWS pricing model? (Choose two.)
A. Fixed-term
B. Pay-as-you-go
C. Colocation
D. Planned
E. Variable cost

Commented [MC177]: C
“A VPC peering connection is a networking connection
between two VPCs that enables you to route traffic
between them using private IPv4 addresses or IPv6
addresses. Instances in either VPC can communicate with
each other as if they are within the same network. You can
create a VPC peering connection between your own VPCs,
or with a VPC in another AWS account. The VPCs can be in
different regions (also known as an inter-region VPC
peering connection).”
Commented [MC178]: D
“AWS CodeCommit is a version control service hosted by
Amazon Web Services that you can use to privately store
and manage assets (such as documents, source code, and
binary files) in the cloud.”

Commented [MC179]: B
“TCO calculator compare the cost of running your
applications in an on-premises or colocation environment
to AWS.”

Commented [MC180]: D
“AWS Snowmobile is an exabyte-scale data transfer
service that can move extremely large amounts of data to
AWS in a fast, secure, and cost-effective manner.
You can transfer up to 100PB per Snowmobile, a 45-foot
long ruggedized shipping container, pulled by a semi-trailer
truck. Snowmobile makes it easy to move massive volumes
of data to the cloud, including video libraries, image
repositories, or even a complete data center migration. All
data is encrypted with 256-bit encryption and you can
manage your encryption keys with AWS Key Management
Service (AWS KMS). Snowmobile includes GPS tracking,
alarm monitoring,
24/7 video surveillance and an optional escort security
vehicle while in transit.”
Commented [MC181]: B, E
Pricing that is used by AWS is pay for what you use which
is pay as you go.
Variable cost refers to the cost that changes based on
quantity of service consumed

181.
two.)






Which load balancer types are available with Elastic Load Balancing (ELB)? (Choose
Commented [MC182]: C, E

A. Public load balancers with AWS Application Auto Scaling capabilities
B. F5 Big-IP and Citrix NetScaler load balancers
C. Classic Load Balancers
D. Cross-zone load balancers with public and private IPs
E. Application Load Balancers

“Elastic Load Balancing supports the following types of
load balancers: Application Load Balancers, Network Load
Balancers, and Classic Load Balancers.”

Commented [MC183]: B

182.





Why should a company choose AWS instead of a traditional data center?
A. AWS provides users with full control over the underlying resources.
B. AWS does not require long-term contracts and provides a pay-as-you-go model.
C. AWS offers edge locations in every country, supporting global reach.
D. AWS has no limits on the number of resources that can be created.

183.
Which solution provides the FASTEST application response times to frequently
accessed data to users in multiple AWS Regions?
 A. AWS CloudTrail across multiple Availability Zones
 B. Amazon CloudFront to edge locations
 C. AWS CloudFormation in multiple regions
 D. A virtual private gateway over AWS Direct Connect
184.





Which of the following AWS services can be used to run a self-managed database?
A. Amazon Route 53
B. AWS X-Ray
C. AWS Snowmobile
D. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)






What exclusive benefit is provided to users with Enterprise Support?
A. Access to a Technical Project Manager
B. Access to a Technical Account Manager
C. Access to a Cloud Support Engineer
D. Access to a Solutions Architect

“AWS offers you a pay-as-you-go approach for pricing for
over 160 cloud services. With AWS you pay only for the
individual services you need, for as long as you use them,
and without requiring long-term contracts or complex
licensing. AWS pricing is similar to how you pay for utilities
like water and electricity. You only pay for the services you
consume, and once you stop using them, there are no
additional costs or termination fees.”
Commented [MC184]: B
“You can deliver content and decrease end-user latency
of your web application using Amazon CloudFront.
CloudFront speeds up content delivery by leveraging its
global network of data centers, known as edge locations,
to reduce delivery time by caching your content close to
your end users.
CloudFront fetches your content from an origin, such as an
Amazon S3 bucket, an Amazon EC2 instance, an Amazon
Elastic Load Balancing load balancer or your own web
server, when it's not already in an edge location.
CloudFront can be used to deliver your entire website or
application, including dynamic, static, streaming, and
interactive content.”
Commented [MC185]: D

185.

Customers can use EC2 instances to install their DB of
choice and self-manage it.
Commented [MC186]: B
TAM (technical account manager) - it's a feature unique to
the Enterprise support.
“With Enterprise Support, you get 24x7 technical support
from high-quality engineers, tools and technology to
automatically manage health of your environment,
consultative architectural guidance delivered in the
context of your applications and use-cases, and a
designated Technical Account Manager (TAM) to
coordinate access to proactive / preventative programs
and AWS subject matter experts”
Incorrect answers:
--Access to support engineers is as well provided with the
Business support plan

186.
How can a user protect against AWS service disruptions if a natural disaster affects
an entire geographic area?
 A. Deploy applications across multiple Availability Zones within an AWS Region.
 B. Use a hybrid cloud computing deployment model within the geographic area.
 C. Deploy applications across multiple AWS Regions.
 D. Store application artifacts using AWS Artifact and replicate them across multiple
AWS Regions.

187.
How does AWS MOST effectively reduce computing costs for a growing start-up
company?
 A. It provides on-demand resources for peak usage.
 B. It automates the provisioning of individual developer environments.
 C. It automates customer relationship management.
 D. It implements a fixed monthly computing budget.

188.
A startup is working on a new application that needs to go to market quickly. The
application requirements may need to be adjusted in the near future. Which of the following
is a characteristic of the AWS Cloud that would meet this specific need?
 A. Elasticity
 B. Reliability
 C. Performance
 D. Agility
189.





Which AWS Support plan provides a full set of AWS Trusted Advisor checks?
A. Business and Developer Support
B. Business and Basic Support
C. Enterprise and Developer Support
D. Enterprise and Business Support

Commented [MC187]: C
“Disaster Recovery (DR) Using AWS regions:
Most organizations try to implement High Availability (HA)
instead of DR to guard them against any downtime of
services. In case of HA, we ensure there exists a fallback
mechanism for our services. The service that runs in HA is
handled by hosts running in different availability zones but
in the same geographical region. This approach, however,
does not guarantee that our business will be up and
running in case the entire region goes down. DR takes
things to a completely new level, wherein you need to be
able to recover from a different region that’s separated
by over 250 miles. Our DR implementation is an
Active/Passive model, meaning that we always have
...
Commented [MC188]: A
“The cloud allows you to trade fixed expenses (such as
data centers and physical servers) for variable expenses,
and only pay for IT as you consume it. And, because of
the economies of scale, the variable expenses are much
lower than what you would pay to do it yourself”
“In cloud computing, elasticity is defined as "the degree
to which a system is able to adapt to workload changes
by provisioning and de-provisioning resources in an
autonomic manner, such that at each point in time the ...
Commented [MC189]: D
“Agile is a time boxed, iterative approach to software
delivery that builds software incrementally from the start
of the project, instead of trying to deliver it all at once
near the end.”
The requirements might need to change. We are not
talking about growth here but a change of way of doing
things. May be they started with a static webpage and it
turned out they now need a database instead. This is not...
Commented [MC190]: D

190.
Which of the following services have Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) mitigation
features through Amazon Shield Standard? (Choose two.)
 A. AWS WAF
 B. Amazon DynamoDB
 C. Amazon EC2
 D. Amazon CloudFront
 E. Amazon Inspector

“AWS Basic Support and AWS Developer Support
customers get access to 6 security checks (S3 Bucket
Permissions, Security Groups - Specific Ports Unrestricted,
IAM Use, MFA on Root Account, EBS Public Snapshots, RDS
Public Snapshots) and 50 service limit checks. AWS
Business Support and AWS Enterprise Support customers
get access to all 115 Trusted Advisor checks (14 cost
optimization, 17 security, 24 fault tolerance, 10
...
Commented [MC191]: A, D
“AWS provides flexible infrastructure and services that
help customers implement strong DDoS mitigations and
create highly available application architectures that
follow AWS Best Practices for DDoS Resiliency. These
include services such as Amazon Route 53, Amazon
CloudFront, Elastic Load Balancing, and AWS WAF to
control and absorb traffic, and deflect unwanted
requests. These services integrate with AWS Shield, a
managed DDoS protection service that provides always-on
detection and automatic inline mitigations to safeguard ...

191.
When building a cloud Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) model, which cost elements
should be considered for workloads running on AWS? (Choose three.)
 A. Compute costs
 B. Facilities costs
 C. Storage costs
 D. Data transfer costs
 E. Network infrastructure costs
 F. Hardware lifecycle costs

192.





What time-savings advantage is offered with the use of Amazon Rekognition?
A. Amazon Rekognition provides automatic watermarking of images.
B. Amazon Rekognition provides automatic detection of objects appearing in
pictures.
C. Amazon Rekognition provides the ability to resize millions of images
automatically.
D. Amazon Rekognition uses Amazon Mechanical Turk to allow humans to bid on
object detection jobs.

Commented [MC192]: A, C, D
Compute costs, storage costs and data transfer costs are
all charges that are incurred by using AWS
“There are three fundamental drivers of cost with AWS:
compute, storage, and outbound data transfer. These
characteristics vary somewhat, depending on the AWS
product and pricing model you choose. In most cases,
there is no charge for inbound data transfer or for data
transfer between other AWS services within the same
Region. There are some exceptions, so be sure to verify
data transfer rates before beginning. Outbound data
transfer is aggregated across services and then charged at
the outbound data transfer rate. This charge appears on
the monthly statement as AWS Data Transfer Out. The
more data you transfer, the less you pay per GB. For
compute resources, you pay hourly from the time you
launch a resource until the time you terminate it, unless
you have made a reservation for which the cost is agreed
upon beforehand. For data storage and transfer, you
typically pay per GB.”
Incorrect answers:

193.
When comparing AWS with on-premises Total Cost of Ownership (TCO), what costs
are included?
 A. Data center security
 B. Business analysis
 C. Project management
 D. Operating system administration
194.





According to the AWS shared responsibility model, what is AWS responsible for?
A. Configuring Amazon VPC
B. Managing application code
C. Maintaining application traffic
D. Managing the network infrastructure

...

Commented [MC193]: B
“Amazon Rekognition is an image recognition service that
detects objects, scenes, and faces; extracts text;
recognizes celebrities; and identifies inappropriate
content in images. It also allows you to search and
compare faces. Rekognition Image is based on the same
proven, highly scalable, deep learning technology
developed by Amazon's computer vision scientists to
analyze billions of images daily for Prime Photos.”
Commented [MC194]: A
AWS provides Data centre security included in the price,
while the other 3 options are customers' costs (regardless
if on AWS or on-premises)
Commented [MC195]: D

195.
AWS?





Which service should be used to estimate the costs of running a new project on
A. AWS TCO Calculator
B. AWS Pricing Calculator
C. AWS Cost Explorer API
D. AWS Budgets

“AWS is responsible for protecting the infrastructure that
runs all of the services offered in the AWS Cloud. This
infrastructure is composed of the hardware, software,
networking, and facilities that run AWS Cloud services.”
Commented [MC196]: B
"AWS Pricing Calculator lets you explore AWS services
and create an estimate for the cost of your use cases on
AWS. You can model your solutions before building them,
explore the price points and calculations behind your
estimate, and find the available instance types and
contract terms that meet your needs. This enables you to
make informed decisions about using AWS. You can plan
your AWS costs and usage or price out setting up a new set
of instances and services."
...

196.
Which AWS tool will identify security groups that grant unrestricted Internet access
to a limited list of ports?
 A. AWS Organizations
 B. AWS Trusted Advisor
 C. AWS Usage Report
 D. Amazon EC2 dashboard

197.
bill?





Which AWS service can be used to generate alerts based on an estimated monthly
A. AWS Config
B. Amazon CloudWatch
C. AWS X-Ray
D. AWS CloudTrail

198.
Which Amazon EC2 pricing model offers the MOST significant discount when
compared to On-Demand Instances?
 A. Partial Upfront Reserved Instances for a 1-year term
 B. All Upfront Reserved Instances for a 1-year term
 C. All Upfront Reserved Instances for a 3-year term
 D. No Upfront Reserved Instances for a 3-year term
199.





Which of the following is the responsibility of AWS?
A. Setting up AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users and groups
B. Physically destroying storage media at end of life
C. Patching guest operating systems
D. Configuring security settings on Amazon EC2 instances






Which of the following is an advantage of using AWS?
A. AWS audits user data.
B. Data is automatically secure.
C. There is no guessing on capacity needs.
D. AWS manages compliance needs.

200.

Commented [MC197]: B
“Trusted advisor…Checks security groups for rules that
allow unrestricted access (0.0.0.0/0) to specific ports.
Unrestricted access increases opportunities for malicious
activity (hacking, denial-of-service attacks, loss of data).
The ports with highest risk are flagged red, and those with
less risk are flagged yellow. Ports flagged green are
typically used by applications that require unrestricted
access, such as HTTP and SMTP”
Commented [MC198]: B
“You can monitor your estimated AWS charges by using
Amazon CloudWatch. When you enable the monitoring of
estimated charges for your AWS account, the estimated
charges are calculated and sent several times daily to
CloudWatch as metric data.
Billing metric data is stored in the US East (N. Virginia)
Region and represents worldwide charges. This data
includes the estimated charges for every service in AWS
that you use, in addition to the estimated overall total of
your AWS charges.”
Commented [MC199]: C
Reserved instances savings (up to):
-Standard one-year
---all upfront = approx. 41%
---partial upfront = approx. 40%
---no upfront = approx. 37%
-Standard three-years:
---all upfront = approx. 62%
---partial upfront = approx. 60%
---no upfront = approx. 57%
Commented [MC200]: B
“Media storage devices used to store customer data are
classified by AWS as Critical and treated accordingly, as
high impact, throughout their life-cycles. AWS has exacting
standards on how to install, service, and eventually
destroy the devices when they are no longer useful.
When a storage device has reached the end of its useful
life, AWS decommissions media using techniques detailed
in NIST 800-88. Media that stored customer data is not ...
Commented [MC201]: C
“6 Advantages of Cloud Computing:
--Trade capital expense for variable expense
--Benefit from massive economies of scale
--Stop guessing about capacity (i.e. elasticity)
--Increased speed and agility
--Stop spending money running and maintaining data
centres
--Go global in minutes“
...

200-250

Commented [MC202]: D

201.
Which AWS service would a customer use with a static website to achieve lower
latency and high transfer speeds?
 A. AWS Lambda
 B. Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator
 C. Amazon Route 53
 D. Amazon CloudFront

202.
two.)






Which services manage and automate application deployments on AWS? (Choose
A. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
B. AWS CodeCommit
C. AWS Data Pipeline
D. AWS CloudFormation
E. AWS Config

203.
Which principles are used to architect applications for reliability on the AWS Cloud?
(Choose three.)
 A. Design for automated failure recovery
 B. Use multiple Availability Zones
 C. Manage changes via documented processes
 D. Test for moderate demand to ensure reliability
 E. Backup recovery to an on-premises environment

204.
What tasks should a customer perform when that customer suspects an AWS
account has been compromised? (Choose two.)
 A. Rotate passwords and access keys.
 B. Remove MFA tokens.
 C. Move resources to a different AWS Region.
 D. Delete AWS CloudTrail Resources.
 E. Contact AWS Support.

205.





What is an example of high availability in the AWS Cloud?
A. Consulting AWS technical support at any time day or night
B. Ensuring an application remains accessible, even if a resource fails
C. Making any AWS service available for use by paying on demand
D. Deploying in any part of the world using AWS Regions

“Amazon CloudFront is a fast content delivery network
(CDN) service that securely delivers data, videos,
applications, and APIs to customers globally with low
latency, high transfer speeds, all within a developerfriendly environment.”
“Amazon CloudFront can speed up the delivery of your
websites, whether its static objects (e.g., images, style
sheets, JavaScript, etc.) or dynamic content (e.g., videos,
audio, motion graphics, etc.), to viewers across the globe.”
Commented [MC203]: A, B
--A---AWS Elastic Beanstalk - as the deployment target for the
sample app. Your completed pipeline will be able to detect
changes made to the source repository containing the
sample app and then automatically update your live
sample app.
--B---AWS Codestar services - enables you to quickly develop,
build, and deploy applications on AWS by providing a
unified user interface, enabling you to easily manage your
software development activities in one place. You can set ...
Commented [MC204]: A, B, C
--A-"There are five design principles for reliability in the cloud:
--Automatically recover from failure
--Scale horizontally to increase aggregate system
availability
--Stop guessing capacity
--Manage change in automation
--Test recovery procedures - Use automation to simulate
different failures or to recreate scenarios that led to
failures before”
...
Commented [MC205]: A, E
“-Change your AWS account root user password.
-Rotate and delete all root and AWS Identity and Access
Management (IAM) access keys.
-Delete any potentially unauthorized IAM users, and then
change the password for all other IAM users.
-Delete any resources on your account that you didn't
create, such as Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon
EC2) instances and AMIs, Amazon Elastic Block Store
(Amazon EBS) volumes and snapshots, and IAM users. ...
Commented [MC206]: B
Deploying application redundancy in multiple AZ is
enough to keep the app available should one resource
fail.
Anytime you read about "availability" in a question, the
first thing to look for in your answer should be related to
"failure" and vice versa.

206.
Which AWS security service protects applications from distributed denial of service
attacks with always-on detection and automatic inline mitigations?
 A. Amazon Inspector
 B. AWS Web Application Firewall (AWS WAF)
 C. Elastic Load Balancing (ELB)
 D. AWS Shield

207.
A company wants to monitor the CPU usage of its Amazon EC2 resources. Which
AWS service should the company use?
 A. AWS CloudTrail
 B. Amazon CloudWatch
 C. AWS Cost and Usage report
 D. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
208.





209.






What is an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role?
A. A user associated with an AWS resource
B. A group associated with an AWS resource
C. An entity that defines a set of permissions for use with an AWS resource
D. An authentication credential associated with a multi-factor authentication (MFA)
token

What are the advantages of Reserved Instances? (Choose two.)
A. They provide a discount over on-demand pricing.
B. They provide access to additional instance types.
C. They provide additional networking capability.
D. Customers can upgrade instances as new types become available.
E. Customers can reserve capacity in an Availability Zone.

210.
How do Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling groups help achieve high availability for a web
application?
 A. They automatically add more instances across multiple AWS Regions based on
global demand of the application.
 B. They automatically add or replace instances across multiple Availability Zones
when the application needs it.
 C. They enable the application's static content to reside closer to end users.
 D. They are able to distribute incoming requests across a tier of web server
instances.

Commented [MC207]: D
“AWS Shield is a managed Distributed Denial of Service
(DDoS) protection service that safeguards applications
running on AWS. AWS Shield provides always-on detection
and automatic inline mitigations that minimize application
downtime and latency, so there is no need to engage AWS
Support to benefit from DDoS protection. There are two
tiers of AWS Shield - Standard and Advanced.”
Commented [MC208]: B
“CloudWatch collects monitoring and operational data in
the form of logs, metrics, and events, and visualizes it
using automated dashboards so you can get a unified view
of your AWS resources, applications, and services that run
in AWS and on-premises”
“With Basic monitoring you get data on your CloudWatch
metrics every 5 minutes. Enabling detailed monitoring, you
will get the data every one minute.
To check if detailed monitoring is enabled, on your EC2
Console, Select the instance, on the lower plane, Select
Monitoring.”
Commented [MC209]: C
“An IAM role is an IAM entity that defines a set of
permissions for making AWS service requests. IAM roles
are not associated with a specific user or group. Instead,
trusted entities assume roles, such as IAM users,
applications, or AWS services such as EC2”
Commented [MC210]: A, E
--A-“A Reserved Instance is a reservation of resources and
capacity, for either one or three years, for a particular
Availability Zone within a region. When you purchase a
reservation, you commit to paying for all of the hours of
the 1- or 3-year term; in exchange, the hourly rate is
lowered significantly.
Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances (RI) provide a significant
discount (up to 72%) compared to On-Demand pricing
and provide a capacity reservation when used in a
specific Availability Zone. AWS Billing automatically
applies your RI’s discounted rate when attributes of EC2
instance usage match attributes of an active RI.”
...
Commented [MC211]: B
“Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling can detect when an instance is
unhealthy, terminate it, and launch an instance to replace
it. You can also configure Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to use
multiple Availability Zones. If one Availability Zone
becomes unavailable, Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling can
launch instances in another one to compensate.”

211.





How can one AWS account use Reserved Instances from another AWS account?
A. By using Amazon EC2 Dedicated Instances
B. By using AWS Organizations consolidated billing
C. By using the AWS Cost Explorer tool
D. By using AWS Budgets

Commented [MC212]: B
“For billing purposes, the consolidated billing feature of
AWS Organizations treats all the accounts in the
organization as one account. This means that all accounts
in the organization can receive the hourly cost benefit of
Reserved Instances that are purchased by any other
account.

212.
A customer runs an On-Demand Amazon Linux EC2 instance for 3 hours, 5 minutes,
and 6 seconds. For how much time will the customer be billed?
 A. 3 hours, 5 minutes
 B. 3 hours, 5 minutes, and 6 seconds
 C. 3 hours, 6 minutes
 D. 4 hours

The account that originally purchased the Reserved
Instance receives the discount first. If the purchasing
account doesn't have any instances that match the terms
of the Reserved Instance, the discount for the Reserved
Instance is assigned to any matching usage on another
account in the organization.”

213.

“Pricing is per instance-hour consumed for each instance,
from the time an instance is launched until it is terminated
or stopped. Each partial instance-hour consumed will be
billed per-second for Linux Instances and as a full hour for
all other instance types.”







Which of the following AWS services provide compute resources? (Choose two.)
A. AWS Lambda
B. Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
C. AWS CodeDeploy
D. Amazon Glacier
E. AWS Organizations

214.
Which AWS service enables users to deploy infrastructure as code by automating
the process of provisioning resources?
 A. Amazon GameLift
 B. AWS CloudFormation
 C. AWS Data Pipeline
 D. AWS Glue

Commented [MC213]: B

Commented [MC214]: A, B
“Here is a full list of Compute Services:
Amazon EC2
Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
Amazon Elastic Container Registry
Amazon Elastic Container Service
Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service
Amazon Lightsail
AWS Batch
AWS Elastic Beanstalk
AWS Fargate
AWS Lambda

...

Commented [MC215]: B

215.
Which AWS services provide a way to extend an on-premises architecture to the
AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
 A. Amazon EBS
 B. AWS Direct Connect
 C. Amazon CloudFront
 D. AWS Storage Gateway
 E. Amazon Connect
 F. AWS VPN
 G. CloudHSM

“AWS CloudFormation provides a common language for
you to model and provision AWS and third party
application resources in your cloud environment. AWS.
CloudFormation allows you to use programming
languages or a simple text file to model and provision, in
an automated and secure manner, all the resources
needed for your applications across all regions and
accounts. This gives you a single source of truth for your
AWS and third party resources.”
...
Commented [MC216]: B, D
--B-“AWS Direct Connect is a cloud service solution that
makes it easy to establish a dedicated network
connection from your premises to AWS. Using AWS Direct
Connect, you can establish private connectivity between
AWS and your datacenter, office, or colocation
environment, which in many cases can reduce your
network costs, increase bandwidth throughput, and
provide a more consistent network experience than
Internet-based connections.”
...

216.






Which services use AWS edge locations? (Choose two.)
A. Amazon CloudFront
B. AWS Shield
C. Amazon EC2
D. Amazon RDS
E. Amazon ElastiCache

217.
Which service would provide network connectivity in a hybrid architecture that
includes the AWS Cloud?
 A. Amazon VPC
 B. AWS Direct Connect
 C. AWS Directory Service
 D. Amazon API Gateway

Commented [MC217]: A, B
--A-“Amazon CloudFront can be used to deliver your entire
website, including dynamic, static, streaming, and
interactive content using a global network of edge
locations. Requests for your content are automatically
routed to the nearest edge location, so content is
delivered with the best possible performance”
--B-“AWS Shield Advanced is available globally on all Amazon
CloudFront, AWS Global Accelerator, and Amazon Route
53 edge locations”
Incorrect answers:
--Elasticache is improving the performance of you
application, where the cached data is stored in memory
data stores on the original server, which are not located at
edge locations
...
Commented [MC218]: B

218.
What is the value of using third-party software from AWS Marketplace instead of
installing third-party software on Amazon EC2? (Choose two.)
 A. Users pay for software by the hour or month depending on licensing.
 B. AWS Marketplace enables the user to launch applications with 1-Click.
 C. AWS Marketplace data encryption is managed by a third-party vendor.
 D. AWS Marketplace eliminates the need to upgrade to newer software versions.
 E. Users can deploy third-party software without testing.

219.





Which of the following is a cloud architectural design principle?
A. Scale up, not out.
B. Loosely couple components.
C. Build monolithic systems.
D. Use commercial database software.

220.
Under the shared responsibility model; which of the following areas are the
customer's responsibility? (Choose two.)
 A. Firmware upgrades of network infrastructure
 B. Patching of operating systems
 C. Patching of the underlying hypervisor
 D. Physical security of data centers
 E. Configuration of the security group

Hybrid architecture may include VPC and VPC has to rely
on something else to get connected to the on-premises
data. That connectivity can be realized by VPN or Direct
Connect.
“AWS has more compute, networking, storage, security
and identity, data integration, management, monitoring,
and operations services than any other cloud provider to
help companies build hybrid cloud architectures for their
specific use cases and requirements. Services, like Amazon...
Commented [MC219]: A, B
“Customers can quickly launch pre-configured software
with just a few clicks, and choose software solutions in
Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) and software as a service
(SaaS) formats, as well as other formats. Additionally, you
can browse and subscribe to data products. Flexible pricing
options include free trial, hourly, monthly, annual, multiyear, and BYOL (Bring Your Own License), and get billed
from one source. AWS handles billing and payments, and
charges appear on customers’ AWS bill.”
...
Commented [MC220]: B
“Loosely coupled architectures reduce interdependencies,
so that a change or failure in a component does not
cascade to other components.”
Commented [MC221]: B, E
“Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility
between AWS and the customer. This shared model can
help relieve the customer’s operational burden as AWS
operates, manages and controls the components from the
host operating system and virtualization layer down to the
physical security of the facilities in which the service
operates. The customer assumes responsibility and
management of the guest operating system (including
updates and security patches), other associated
...

221.
Which AWS service identifies security groups that allow unrestricted access to a
user's AWS resources?
 A. AWS CloudTrail
 B. AWS Trusted Advisor
 C. Amazon CloudWatch
 D. Amazon Inspector

222.
According to the AWS shared responsibility model, who is responsible for
configuration management?
 A. It is solely the responsibility of the customer.
 B. It is solely the responsibility of AWS.
 C. It is shared between AWS and the customer.
 D. It is not part of the AWS shared responsibility model.

223.
Which AWS service is a content delivery network that securely delivers data, video,
and applications to users globally with low latency and high speeds?
 A. AWS CloudFormation
 B. AWS Direct Connect
 C. Amazon CloudFront
 D. Amazon Pinpoint

224.
Which benefit of the AWS Cloud supports matching the supply of resources with
changing workload demands?
 A. Security
 B. Reliability
 C. Elasticity
 D. High availability
225.
A user is running an application on AWS and notices that one or more AWS-owned
IP addresses is involved in a distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack. Who should the user
contact FIRST about this situation?
 A. AWS Premium Support
 B. AWS Technical Account Manager
 C. AWS Solutions Architect
 D. AWS Trust & Safety Team

Commented [MC222]: B
“Trusted Advisor - AWS Basic Support and AWS Developer
Support customers get access to 6 security checks (S3
Bucket Permissions, Security Groups - Specific Ports
Unrestricted, IAM Use, MFA on Root Account, EBS Public
Snapshots, RDS Public Snapshots)”
Incorrect answers:
--Amazon Inspector assesses vulnerabilities of the
applications, not the infrastructure.
Commented [MC223]: C
AWS maintains the configuration of its infrastructure
devices, but a customer is responsible for configuring
their own guest operating systems, databases, and
applications.

Commented [MC224]: C
“Amazon CloudFront is a fast content delivery network
(CDN) service that securely delivers data, videos,
applications, and APIs to customers globally with low
latency, high transfer speeds, all within a developerfriendly environment. CloudFront is integrated with AWS
"" both physical locations that are directly connected to
the AWS global infrastructure, as well as other AWS
services.”
Commented [MC225]: C
“In cloud computing, elasticity is defined as "the degree to
which a system is able to adapt to workload changes by
provisioning and de-provisioning resources in an
autonomic manner, such that at each point in time the
available resources match the current demand as closely
as possible
Some cloud solutions can also be automatically adjusted to
meet these needs. This means you can set them up to
scale up or down automatically based on certain
conditions, like when your cloud solution is running out of
processing power.”
Commented [MC226]: D
“If you suspect that AWS resources are used for abusive
purposes, contact the AWS Trust & Safety Team (formerly
AWS Abuse team) using the Report Amazon AWS abuse
form”

226.
Which of the following are benefits of hosting infrastructure in the AWS Cloud?
(Choose two.)
 A. There are no upfront commitments.
 B. AWS manages all security in the cloud.
 C. Users have the ability to provision resources on demand.
 D. Users have access to free and unlimited storage.
 E. Users have control over the physical infrastructure.

227.





What is AWS Trusted Advisor?
A. It is an AWS staff member who provides recommendations and best practices on
how to use AWS.
B. It is a network of AWS partners who provide recommendations and best practices
on how to use AWS.
C. It is an online tool with a set of automated checks that provides recommendations
on cost optimization, performance, and security.
D. It is another name for AWS Technical Account Managers who provide
recommendations on cost optimization, performance, and security.

228.
Which AWS service or feature allows a company to visualize, understand, and
manage AWS costs and usage over time?
 A. AWS Budgets
 B. AWS Cost Explorer
 C. AWS Organizations
 D. Consolidated billing
229.
Which AWS service offers on-demand access to AWS security and compliance
reports?
 A. AWS CloudTrail
 B. AWS Artifact
 C. AWS Health
 D. Amazon CloudWatch

230.






Which of the following are features of Amazon CloudWatch Logs? (Select TWO.)
A. Summaries by Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
B. Free Amazon Elasticsearch Service analytics
C. Provided at no charge
D. Real-time monitoring
E. Adjustable retention

Commented [MC227]: A, C
--There are no upfront commitments (AWS is on-demand)
--Users can provision resources as and how they see fit.
“6 Advantages of Cloud Computing:
--Trade capital expense for variable expense
--Benefit from massive economies of scale
--Stop guessing about capacity (i.e. elasticity)
--Increased speed and agility
--Stop spending money running and maintaining data
centres
--Go global in minutes“
Incorrect answers:
--AWS does not manage all security in the cloud, it is a
shared responsibility model

...

Commented [MC228]: C
“AWS Trusted Advisor is an online tool that provides you
real time guidance to help you provision your resources
following AWS best practices. Whether establishing new
workflows, developing applications, or as part of ongoing
improvement, take advantage of the recommendations
provided by Trusted Advisor on a regular basis to help keep
your solutions provisioned optimally.”
Checks are for:
--Performance

...

Commented [MC229]: B
“AWS Cost Explorer has an easy-to-use interface that lets
you visualize, understand, and manage your AWS costs
and usage over time.”
Commented [MC230]: B
“AWS Artifact is your go-to, central resource for
compliance-related information that matters to you. It
provides on-demand access to AWS' security and
compliance reports and select online agreements. Reports
available in AWS Artifact include our Service Organization
Control (SOC) reports, Payment Card
Industry (PCI) reports, and certifications from accreditation
bodies across geographies and compliance verticals that
validate the implementation and operating effectiveness
of AWS security controls. Agreements available in AWS ...
Commented [MC231]: D, E
“CloudWatch Logs Features:
- Query Your Log Data
- Monitor Logs from Amazon EC2 Instances
- Monitor AWS CloudTrail Logged Events
-Log Retention – By default, logs are kept indefinitely and
never expire. You can adjust the retention policy for each
log group, keeping the indefinite retention, or choosing a
retention period between 10 years and one day.
-Archive Log Data
-Log Route 53 DNS Queries”
...

231.
Which of the following are valid ways for a customer to interact with AWS services?
(Select TWO.)
 A. Command line interface
 B. On-premises
 C. Software Development Kits
 D. Software-as-a-service
 E. Hybrid
232.
Which of the following AWS services can be used to serve large amounts of online
video content with the lowest possible latency? (Select TWO.)
 A. AWS Storage Gateway
 B. Amazon S3
 C. Amazon Elastic File System (EFS)
 D. Amazon Glacier
 E. Amazom CloudFront

233.






234.






Which of the following security-related services does AWS offer? (Select TWO.)
A. Multi-factor authentication physical tokens
B. AWS Trusted Advisor security checks
C. Data encryption
D. Automated penetration testing
E. Amazon S3 copyrighted content detection

Which of the following are categories of AWS Trusted Advisor? (Select TWO.)
A. Fault Tolerance
B. Instance Usage
C. Infrastructure
D. Performance
E. Storage Capacity

Commented [MC232]: A, C
You can access the AWS platform in 3 ways:
--Using the Console - Graphical interface to access AWS
features
--Using the CLI (command line interface) - Lets you control
AWS services programmatically from command line
--Using the SDK - Enable you to access AWS using a
variety of popular programming languages
Commented [MC233]: B, E
“You can configure your application to deliver static
content and decrease the end-user latency using Amazon
S3 and Amazon CloudFront. High-resolution images,
videos, and other static files can be stored in Amazon S3.
CloudFront speeds up content delivery by leveraging its
global network of data centers, known as edge locations,
to reduce delivery time by caching your content close to
your end-users.
CloudFront fetches your content from an origin, such as an
Amazon S3 bucket, an Amazon EC2 instance, an Amazon
Elastic Load Balancing load balancer or your own web
server, when it's not already in an edge location.
CloudFront can be used to deliver your entire website or
application, including dynamic, static, streaming, and
...
Commented [MC234]: B, C
--B-“AWS Trusted Advisor is an application that draws upon
best practices learned from AWS’ aggregated operational
history of serving hundreds of thousands of AWS
customers. Trusted Advisor inspects your AWS
environment and makes recommendations for saving
money, improving system performance, or closing security
gaps.”
--C--

...

Commented [MC235]: A, D

235.
Which of the following services could be used to deploy an application to servers
running on-premises? (Select TWO.)
 A. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
 B. AWS OpsWorks
 C. AWS CodeDeploy
 D. AWS Batch
 E. AWS X-Ray

Trusted advisor categories:
--Cost optimization
--Performance
--Security
--Fault tolerance
--Service limits
Commented [MC236]: B, C
--B-“AWS OpsWorks is a configuration management service
that provides managed instances of Chef and Puppet.
OpsWorks lets you use Chef and Puppet to automate how
servers are configured, deployed, and managed across
your Amazon EC2 instances or on-premises compute
environments.”
--C--

...

236.
Which design principles for cloud architecture are recommended when rearchitecting a large monolithic application? (Select TWO.)
 A. Use manual monitoring.
 B. Use fixed servers.
 C. Implement loose coupling.
 D. Rely on individual components.
 E. Design for scalability.
237.






Which AWS services are defined as global instead of regional? (Select TWO.)
A. Amazon Route 53
B. Amazon EC2
C. Amazon S3
D. Amazon CloudFront
E. Amazon DynamoDB







The financial benefits of using AWS are: (Select TWO.)
A. reduced Total Cost of Ownership (TCO).
B. increased capital expenditure (capex).
C. reduced operational expenditure (opex).
D. deferred payment plans for startups.
E. business credit lines for stratups.

238.

Commented [MC237]: C, E
“Loose coupling - is one of the key cloud design principles.
Your components need to be loosely coupled to avoid
changes or failure in one of the components from
affecting others.”
“Being adaptive and elastic - is one of the key cloud
design principles. The AWS cloud architecture should be
such that it support growth of users, traffic, or data size
with no drop in performance. It should also allow for
linear scalability when and where an additional resource
is added. The system needs to be able to adapt and
proportionally serve additional load. Whether the AWS
cloud architecture includes vertical scaling, horizontal
scaling or both; it is up to the designer, depending on the
type of application or data to be stored. But your design
should be equipped to take maximum advantage of the ...
Commented [MC238]: A, D
--Route53 – Global - Route53 services are offered at AWS
edge locations and are global
--CloudFront – Global - CloudFront is the global content
delivery network (CDN) services are offered at AWS edge
locations
Incorrect answers:

...

Commented [MC239]: A, C

239.
Which of the following can an AWS customer use to launch a new Amazon
Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) cluster? (Select TWO.)
 A. AWS Concierge
 B. AWS CloudFormation
 C. Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
 D. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
 E. AWS Management Console

240.
Which of the following security measures protect access to an AWS account? (Select
TWO.)
 A. Enable AWS CloudTrail.
 B. Grant least privilege access to IAM users.
 C. Create one IAM user and share with many developers and users.
 D. Enable Amazon CloudFront.
 E. Activate multi-factor authentication (MFA) for privileged users.

“A pay-as-you-go model reduces investments in large
capital expenditures. In addition, you can reduce the
operating expense (OpEx) costs involved with the
management and maintenance of data, this is partly due
to the large economies of scale AWS can take advantage
of.”
Commented [MC240]: B, E
--B-“AWS CloudFormation gives you an easy way to model a
collection of related AWS and third-party resources,
provision them quickly and consistently, and manage
them throughout their lifecycles, by treating
infrastructure as code. A CloudFormation template
describes your desired resources and their dependencies
so you can launch and configure them together as a stack.
You can use a template to create, update, and delete an
entire stack as a single unit, as often as you need to,
...
Commented [MC241]: B, E
--B-Granting least privilege minimises ‘blast radius’ in event of
a security breach.
“The Principle of Least Privilege states that a subject
should be given only those privileges needed for it to
complete its task. If a subject does not need an access
right, the subject should not have that access right.
…

...

241.
Which of the following features can be configured through the Amazon Virtual
Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) Dashboard? (Select TWO.)
 A. Amazon CloudFront distributions
 B. Amazon Route 53
 C. Security Groups
 D. Subnets
 E. Elastic Load Balancing

242.
Which AWS services can be used to gather information about AWS account activity?
(Select TWO.)
 A. Amazon CloudFront
 B. AWS Cloud9
 C. AWS CloudTrail
 D. AWS CloudHSM
 E. Amazon CloudWatch

243.






What can AWS edge locations be used for? (Select TWO.)
A. Hosting applications
B. Delivering content closer to users
C. Running NoSQL database caching services
D. Reducing traffic on the server by caching responses
E. Sending notification messages to end users

Commented [MC242]: C, D
“Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) lets you
provision a logically isolated section of the AWS Cloud
where you can launch AWS resources in a virtual network
that you define. You have complete control over your
virtual networking environment, including selection of
your own IP address range, creation of subnets, and
configuration of route tables and network gateways. You
can use both IPv4 and IPv6 in your VPC for secure and easy
access to resources and applications.
You can easily customize the network configuration for
your Amazon VPC. For example, you can create a publicfacing subnet for your web servers that has access to the
Internet, and place your backend systems such as
databases or application servers in a private-facing subnet
with no Internet access. You can leverage multiple layers
of security, including security groups and network access ...
Commented [MC243]: C, E
--C-“AWS offers a solution that uses AWS CloudTrail to log
account activity, Amazon Kinesis to compute and stream
metrics in real-time, and Amazon DynamoDB to durably
store the computed data. Metrics are calculated for create,
modify, and delete API calls for more than 60 supported
AWS services. The solution also features a dashboard that
visualizes your account activity in real-time.”
--E--

...

Commented [MC244]: B, D

244.





Access keys in AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) are used to:
A. log in to the AWS Management Console.
806
C. log in to Amazon EC2 instances.
D. authenticate to AWS CodeCommit repositories.

245.
What are the benefits of using the AWS Cloud for companies with customers in
many countries around the world? (Choose two.)
 A. Companies can deploy applications in multiple AWS Regions to reduce latency.
 B. Amazon Translate automatically translates third-party website interfaces into
multiple languages.
 C. Amazon CloudFront has multiple edge locations around the world to reduce
latency.
 D. Amazon Comprehend allows users to build applications that can respond to user
requests in many languages.
 E. Elastic Load Balancing can distribute application web traffic to multiple AWS
Regions around the world, which reduces latency.

--B-“CloudFront delivers your content through a worldwide
network of data centers called edge locations which are
closer to the end users than the original servers where
the content is permanently hosted.”
--D-“Because when you use CloudFront, it caches your content
at AWS Edge locations to serve them to your users faster.
For example, this blog’s original AWS region is Europe
...
Commented [MC245]: B
“Access keys are long-term credentials for an IAM user or
the AWS account root user. You can use access keys to
sign programmatic requests to the AWS CLI or AWS API
(directly or using the AWS SDK).”
Commented [MC246]: A, C
--A-“Mutli-region deployments reduce latency by allow closer
processing and serving non-static data without incurring
the overhead of long network hops.”
(https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/apn/architecting-multiregion-saas-solutions-on-aws/)
--C--

...

246.
Which AWS service handles the deployment details of capacity provisioning, load
balancing, Auto Scaling, and application health monitoring?
 A. AWS Config
 B. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
 C. Amazon Route 53
 D. Amazon CloudFront

247.
Which AWS service provides inbound and outbound network ACLs to harden
external connectivity to Amazon EC2?
 A. AWS IAM
 B. Amazon Connect
 C. Amazon VPC
 D. Amazon API Gateway

Commented [MC247]: B
“Upload your code and Elastic Beanstalk automatically
handles the deployment, from capacity provisioning, load
balancing, auto-scaling to application health monitoring.
At the same time, you retain full control over the AWS
resources powering your application and can access the
underlying resources at any time.”
Commented [MC248]: C
“A network access control list (ACL) is an optional layer of
security for your VPC that acts as a firewall for controlling
traffic in and out of one or more subnets. You might set
up network ACLs with rules similar to your security groups
in order to add an additional layer of security to your VPC.”
Commented [MC249]: B

248.
When a company provisions web servers in multiple AWS Regions, what is being
increased?
 A. Coupling
 B. Availability
 C. Security
 D. Durability

249.





The pay-as-you-go pricing model for AWS services (choose two):
A. reduces capital expenditures.
B. requires payment up front for AWS services.
C. is relevant only for Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, and Amazon RDS.
D. reduces operational expenditures.

250.
Under the AWS shared responsibility model, AWS is responsible for which securityrelated task?
 A. Lifecycle management of IAM credentials
 B. Physical security of global infrastructure
 C. Encryption of Amazon EBS volumes
 D. Firewall configuration

High availability - In the event of resources failing
unexpectedly, protect against regional, data center,
availability zone, server, network and storage subsystem
single points of failure to keep your business running
without downtime.
“Each AWS Region consists of multiple, isolated, and
physically separate AZ's within a geographic area. Unlike
other cloud providers, who often define a region as a
single data center, the multiple AZ design of every AWS
Region offers advantages for customers. Each AZ has
independent power, cooling, and physical security and is
connected via redundant, ultra-low-latency networks.
AWS customers focused on high availability can design
their applications to run in multiple AZ's to achieve even
greater fault-tolerance. AWS infrastructure Regions meet
the highest levels of security, compliance, and data
protection.”
...
Commented [MC250]: A, D
Capex (capital expenditures) reduced to practically zero
as AWS owns the datacentres, network infrastructure and
other expenses.
Opex (operational expenditures) reduced generally as
AWS enables savings through huge economies of scale.
Commented [MC251]: B
Only AWS can provide access to its physical infrastructure.
“AWS provides physical data center access only to
approved employees. All employees who need data center
access must first apply for access and provide a valid
business justification. These requests are granted based on
the principle of least privilege, where requests must
specify to which layer of the data center the individual
needs access, and are time-bound. Requests are reviewed
and approved by authorized personnel, and access is
...

251-300

Commented [MC252]: C

251.
Under the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following is an example of
security in the AWS Cloud?
 A. Managing edge locations
 B. Physical security
 C. Firewall configuration
 D. Global infrastructure

252.
How can an AWS user with an AWS Basic Support plan obtain technical assistance
from AWS (chose two)?
 A. AWS Senior Support Engineers
 B. AWS Technical Account Managers
 C. AWS Trusted Advisor
 D. AWS Discussion Forums

'Security in the Cloud' relates to customer security like
configuring firewalls.
'Security of the Cloud' relates to AWS security such as
physical access to infrastructure.
“Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility
between AWS and the customer. This shared model can
help relieve the customer’s operational burden as AWS
operates, manages and controls the components from the
host operating system and virtualization layer down to the
physical security of the facilities in which the service
operates. The customer assumes responsibility and
management of the guest operating system (including
updates and security patches), other associated
application software as well as the configuration of the
AWS provided security group firewall. Customers should
carefully consider the services they choose as their
responsibilities vary depending on the services used, the ...
Commented [MC253]: C, D

253.
two.)






Which of the following are pillars of the AWS Well-Architected Framework? (Choose
A. Multiple Availability Zones
B. Performance efficiency
C. Security
D. Encryption usage
E. High availability

Basic Support is included for all AWS customers and
includes:
--Customer Service and Communities - 24x7 access to
customer service, documentation, whitepapers, and
support forums.
--AWS Trusted Advisor - Access to the 7 core Trusted
Advisor checks and guidance to provision your resources
following best practices to increase performance and
improve security.
...
Commented [MC254]: B, C

254.
After selecting an Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host reservation, which pricing option
would provide the largest discount?
 A. No upfront payment
 B. Hourly on-demand payment
 C. Partial upfront payment
 D. All upfront payment

5 basic pillars according to AWS are:
1- Operational excellence
2- Security
3- Reliability
4- Performance efficiency
5- Cost optimization
Commented [MC255]: D

255.





What is an advantage of deploying an application across multiple Availability Zones?
A. There is a lower risk of service failure if a natural disaster causes a service
disruption in a given AWS Region.
B. The application will have higher availability because it can withstand a service
disruption in one Availability Zone.
C. There will be better coverage as Availability Zones are geographically distant and
can serve a wider area.
D. There will be decreased application latency that will improve the user experience.

“You can choose between three payment options when
you purchase a Standard or Convertible Reserved Instance.
With the All Upfront option, you pay for the entire
Reserved Instance term with one upfront payment. This
option provides you with the largest discount compared
to On-Demand Instance pricing”
Commented [MC256]: B
“Unlike other technology infrastructure providers, each
AWS Region has multiple AZ’s. As we’ve learned from
running the leading cloud infrastructure technology
platform since 2006, customers who care about the
availability and performance of their applications want to
deploy these applications across multiple AZ’s in the
same region for fault tolerance and low latency. AZ’s are
connected to each other with fast, private fiber-optic
networking, enabling you to easily architect applications ...

256.
A Cloud Practitioner is asked how to estimate the cost of using a new application on
AWS. What is the MOST appropriate response?
 A. Inform the user that AWS pricing allows for on-demand pricing.
 B. Direct the user to the AWS Pricing Calculator for an estimate.
 C. Use Amazon QuickSight to analyze current spending on-premises.
 D. Use Amazon AppStream 2.0 for real-time pricing analytics.

Commented [MC257]: B
“The AWS Pricing Calculator is an easy-to-use online tool
that enables you to estimate the monthly cost of AWS
services for your use case based on your expected usage.
The AWS Pricing Calculator is continuously updated with
the latest pricing for all AWS services in all Regions.”
Commented [MC258]: B, D

257.
A company wants to migrate its applications to a VPC on AWS. These applications
will need to access on-premises resources. What combination of actions will enable the
company to accomplish this goal? (Choose two.)
 A. Use the AWS Service Catalog to identify a list of on-premises resources that can
be migrated.
 B. Build a VPN connection between an on-premises device and a virtual private
gateway in the new VPC.
 C. Use Amazon Athena to query data from the on-premises database servers.
 D. Connect the company's on-premises data center to AWS using AWS Direct
Connect.
 E. Leverage Amazon CloudFront to restrict access to static web content provided
through the company's on-premises web servers.
258.
A web application running on AWS has been spammed with malicious requests from
a recurring set of IP addresses. Which AWS service can help secure the application and block
the malicious traffic?
 A. AWS IAM
 B. Amazon GuardDuty
 C. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
 D. AWS WAF
259.





Treating infrastructure as code in the AWS Cloud allows users to:
A. automate migration of on-premises hardware to AWS data centers.
B. let a third party automate an audit of the AWS infrastructure.
C. turn over application code to AWS so it can run on the AWS infrastructure.
D. automate the infrastructure provisioning process.

260.
A company requires a dedicated network connection between its on-premises
servers and the AWS Cloud. Which AWS service should be used?
 A. AWS VPN
 B. AWS Direct Connect
 C. Amazon API Gateway
 D. Amazon Connect

To provide connectivity between AWS and on-premisis.
“Amazon VPC provides multiple network connectivity
options for you to leverage depending on your current
network designs and requirements. These connectivity
options include leveraging either the internet (VPN) or a
dedicated private AWS Direct Connect connection as the
network backbone and terminating the connection into
either AWS or user-managed network endpoints.”
Incorrect answers:
--A-- The purpose of the service catalogue stated in the
question is not its actual purpose. “AWS Service Catalog Create, organize, and govern your curated catalog of AWS...
Commented [MC259]: D
“AWS WAF is a web application firewall that helps
protect web applications from common web exploits that
could affect application availability, compromise security,
or consume excessive resources. You can use AWS WAF to
define customizable web security rules that control which
traffic accesses your web applications.
AWS WAF gives you control over how traffic reaches your
applications by enabling you to create security rules that
block common attack patterns, such as SQL injection or ...
Commented [MC260]: D
“AWS CloudFormation gives you an easy way to model a
collection of related AWS and third-party resources,
provision them quickly and consistently, and manage
them throughout their lifecycles, by treating
infrastructure as code. A CloudFormation template
describes your desired resources and their dependencies
so you can launch and configure them together as a stack.
You can use a template to create, update, and delete an
entire stack as a single unit, as often as you need to,
instead of managing resources individually. You can
...
Commented [MC261]: B
“Both AWS VPN and AWS Direct Connect give
connections between the on premise servers and the
AWS cloud, however, Direct Connect is a more dedicated
solution (physical fiber optic connection vs A VPN network
connection over the internet)
…
You can use AWS Direct Connect to establish a private
virtual interface from your on-premise network directly to
your Amazon VPC, providing you with a private, high
bandwidth network connection between your network and...

261.
Which AWS service can be used to query stored datasets directly from Amazon S3
using standard SQL?
 A. AWS Glue
 B. AWS Data Pipeline
 C. Amazon CloudSearch
 D. Amazon Athena

262.





AWS CloudFormation is designed to help the user:
A. model and provision resources.
B. update application code.
C. set up data lakes.
D. create reports for billing.

263.
A Cloud Practitioner must determine if any security groups in an AWS account have
been provisioned to allow unrestricted access for specific ports. What is the SIMPLEST way
to do this?
 A. Review the inbound rules for each security group in the Amazon EC2
management console to check for port 0.0.0.0/0.
 B. Run AWS Trusted Advisor and review the findings.
 C. Open the AWS IAM console and check the inbound rule filters for open access.
 D. In AWS Config, create a custom rule that invokes an AWS Lambda function to
review rules for inbound access.
264.
What are the benefits of developing and running a new application in the AWS
Cloud compared to on-premises? (Choose two.)
 A. AWS automatically distributes the data globally for higher durability.
 B. AWS will take care of operating the application.
 C. AWS makes it easy to architect for high availability.
 D. AWS can easily accommodate application demand changes.
 E. AWS takes care application security patching.

265.
A user needs an automated security assessment report that will identify unintended
network access to Amazon EC2 instances and vulnerabilities on those instances. Which AWS
service will provide this assessment report?
 A. EC2 security groups
 B. AWS Config
 C. Amazon Macie
 D. Amazon Inspector

Commented [MC262]: D
“Amazon Athena is defined as "an interactive query
service that makes it easy to analyse data directly in
Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) using
standard SQL." This is very similar to other SQL query
engines, such as Apache Drill. But unlike Apache Drill,
Athena is limited to data only from Amazon's own S3
storage service. However, Athena is able to query a variety
of file formats, including, but not limited to CSV, Parquet,
JSON, etc…”
Commented [MC263]: A
“AWS CloudFormation provides a common language for
you to model and provision AWS and third party
application resources in your cloud environment. AWS
CloudFormation allows you to use programming languages
or a simple text file to model and provision, in an
automated and secure manner, all the resources needed
for your applications across all regions and accounts. This
gives you a single source of truth for your AWS and third
party resources.”
Commented [MC264]: B
“Trusted Advisor Security Summary - Improve the security
of your application by closing gaps, enabling various AWS
security features, and examining your permissions:
--Security groups - Specific ports unrestricted (free)
----Checks security groups for rules that allow
unrestricted access (0.0.0.0/0) to specific ports.
----Unrestricted access increases opportunities for
malicious activity (hacking, denial-of-service attacks, loss of
data).
...
Commented [MC265]: C, D
Key benefits of cloud computing include:
--C-High availability - “AWS delivers the highest network
availability of any cloud provider. Each region is fully
isolated and comprised of multiple AZs, which are fully
isolated partitions of our infrastructure. To better isolate
any issues and achieve high availability, you can partition
applications across multiple AZs in the same region. In
addition, AWS control planes and the AWS management ...
Commented [MC266]: D
“Amazon Inspector is an automated security assessment
service that helps improve the security and compliance of
applications deployed on AWS. Amazon Inspector
automatically assesses applications for exposure,
vulnerabilities, and deviations from best practices. After
performing an assessment, Amazon Inspector produces a
detailed list of security findings prioritized by level of
severity. These findings can be reviewed directly or as part
of detailed assessment reports which are available via the
Amazon Inspector console or API. Amazon Inspector
...

266.
How can a company isolate the costs of production and non-production workloads
on AWS?
 A. Create Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles for production and nonproduction workloads.
 B. Use different accounts for production and non-production expenses.
 C. Use Amazon EC2 for non-production workloads and other services for production
workloads.
 D. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor the use of services.

267.
Where can users find a catalog of AWS-recognized providers of third-party security
solutions?
 A. AWS Service Catalog
 B. AWS Marketplace
 C. AWS Quick Start
 D. AWS CodeDeploy

268.
A Cloud Practitioner needs to store data for 7 years to meet regulatory
requirements. Which AWS service will meet this requirement at the LOWEST cost?
 A. Amazon S3
 B. AWS Snowball
 C. Amazon Redshift
 D. Amazon S3 Glacier
269.






What are the immediate benefits of using the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
A. Increased IT staff.
B. Capital expenses are replaced with variable expenses.
C. User control of infrastructure.
D. Increased agility.
E. AWS holds responsibility for security in the cloud.

270.
Which security service automatically recognizes and classifies sensitive data or
intellectual property on AWS?
 A. Amazon GuardDuty
 B. Amazon Macie
 C. Amazon Inspector
 D. AWS Shield

Commented [MC267]: B
AWS Organisations can be used to consolidate the billing.
“Given that most companies have different policy
requirements for production workloads, infrastructure
and security can have nested organizational units (OU) for
for non-production (SDLC - Software Development Life
Cycle) and production (Prod). Accounts in the SDLC OU
host non-production workloads and therefore should not
have production dependencies from other accounts.
An organizational unit (OU) is a logical grouping of
accounts in your AWS organization. OUs enable you to ...
Commented [MC268]: B
“AWS Marketplace is a curated digital catalog customers
can use to find, buy, deploy, and manage third-party
software, data, and services that customers need to build
solutions and run their businesses. AWS Marketplace
includes thousands of software listings from popular
categories such as security, networking, storage, machine
learning, business intelligence, database, as well as
related professional services to help you manage and
support those solutions. AWS Marketplace also simplifies
software licensing and procurement with flexible pricing ...
Commented [MC269]: D
“Glacier provides cheap long term storage. Often used to
store data we want to keep just in case, rather than
deleting.
Amazon S3 Glacier and S3 Glacier Deep Archive are a
secure, durable, and extremely low-cost Amazon S3 cloud
storage classes for data archiving and long-term backup.
They are designed to deliver 99.999999999% durability,
and provide comprehensive security and compliance
capabilities that can help meet even the most stringent ...
Commented [MC270]: B, D
--B—
“Trade capital expense for variable expense – Instead of
having to invest heavily in data centers and servers
before you know how you’re going to use them, you can
pay only when you consume computing resources, and
pay only for how much you consume.”
--D-“Increase speed and agility – In a cloud computing
environment, new IT resources are only a click away,

...

Commented [MC271]: B
“Amazon Macie is a security service that uses machine
learning to automatically discover, classify, and protect
sensitive data in AWS. Macie recognizes sensitive data
such as personally identifiable information (PII) or
intellectual property. It provides you with dashboards and
alerts that give visibility into how this data is being
accessed or moved.”

271.





What is the purpose of AWS Storage Gateway?
A. It ensures on-premises data storage is 99.999999999% durable.
B. It transports petabytes of data to and from AWS.
C. It connects to multiple Amazon EC2 instances.
D. It connects on-premises data storage to the AWS Cloud.

272.
What should users do if they want to install an application in geographically isolated
locations?
 A. Install the application using multiple internet gateways.
 B. Deploy the application to an Amazon VPC.
 C. Deploy the application to multiple AWS Regions.
 D. Configure the application using multiple NAT gateways.

Commented [MC272]: D
“Moving data to the cloud is not quite as simple as flipping
a switch. For companies that have managed their own data
centers or server rooms for decades, there are a few steps
to consider -- and it's not always wise to pull the plug on an
internal infrastructure quite so quickly. If a startup uses onpremise business servers and then experiences
unexpected growth, abandoning those servers doesn't
make sense (even if the long-term plan is to do exactly
that).
AWS Storage Gateway is a way to bridge this gap for
companies of any size. It's a hybrid storage option that
connects on-premise storage including age-old tape
backup systems to the cloud in a way that also provides
one console to access all storage configurations.”
...
Commented [MC273]: C

273.
A system in the AWS Cloud is designed to withstand the failure of one or more
components. What is this an example of?
 A. Elasticity
C. Scalability
 D. Agility

“AWS has the concept of a Region, which is a physical
location around the world where we cluster data centers.
We call each group of logical data centers an Availability
Zone. Each AWS Region consists of multiple, isolated, and
physically separate AZ's within a geographic area.”
Commented [MC274]: B

274.
A Cloud Practitioner needs a consistent and dedicated connection between AWS
resources and an on-premises system. Which AWS service can fulfill this requirement?
 A. AWS Direct Connect
 B. AWS VPN
 C. Amazon Connect
 D. AWS Data Pipeline

“Availability - The percentage of time that a workload is
available for use, where "available for use" means that it
performs its agreed function when required. Availability
(also known as service availability) is a commonly used
metric to quantitatively measure reliability“

275.
Within the AWS shared responsibility model, who is responsible for security and
compliance?
 A. The customer is responsible.
 B. AWS is responsible.
 C. AWS and the customer share responsibility.
 D. AWS shares responsibility with the relevant governing body.

Commented [MC275]: A

“In any system of reasonable complexity, it is expected
that failures will occur. Reliability requires that your
workload be aware of failures as they occur and take
action to avoid impact on availability. Workloads must be...

“AWS Direct Connect is a cloud service solution that
makes it easy to establish a dedicated network
connection from your premises to AWS. Using AWS Direct
Connect, you can establish private connectivity between
AWS and your datacenter, office, or colocation
environment, which in many cases can reduce your
network costs, increase bandwidth throughput, and
provide a more consistent network experience than
Internet-based connections.”
...
Commented [MC276]: C
“Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility
between AWS and the customer. This shared model can
help relieve the customer's operational burden as AWS
operates, manages and controls the components from the
host operating system and virtualization layer down to the
physical security of the facilities in which the service
operates.
The customer assumes responsibility and management of
the guest operating system (including updates and security...

276.





277.





To use the AWS CLI, users are required to generate:
A. a password policy.
B. an access/secret key.
C. a managed policy.
D. an API key.

Which AWS service is used to provide encryption for Amazon EBS?
A. AWS Certificate Manager
B. AWS Systems Manager
C. AWS KMS
D. AWS Config

278.
How does AWS charge for AWS Lambda usage once the free tier has been
exceeded? (Choose two.)
 A. By the time it takes for the Lambda function to execute.
 B. By the number of versions of a specific Lambda function.
 C. By the number of requests made for a given Lambda function.
 D. By the programming language that is used for the Lambda function.
 E. By the total number of Lambda functions in an AWS account.

279.
Which of the following describes the relationships among AWS Regions, Availability
Zones, and edge locations? (Choose two.)
 A. There are more AWS Regions than Availability Zones.
 B. There are more edge locations than AWS Regions.
 C. An edge location is an Availability Zone.
 D. There are more AWS Regions than edge locations.
 E. There are more Availability Zones than AWS Regions.

Commented [MC277]: B
“For general use, the AWS configure command is the
fastest way to set up your AWS CLI installation. When you
enter this command, the AWS CLI prompts you for four
pieces of information:
--Access key ID
--Secret access key
--AWS Region
--Output format
The AWS CLI stores this information in a profile (a
collection of settings) named default in the credentials file.
By default, the information in this profile is used when you
run an AWS CLI command that doesn't explicitly specify a
profile to use.”
Commented [MC278]: C
“AWS Key Management Service (KMS) makes it easy for
you to create and manage cryptographic keys and control
their use across a wide range of AWS services and in your
applications. AWS KMS is a secure and resilient service
that uses hardware security modules that have been
validated under FIPS 140-2, or are in the process of being
validated, to protect your keys. AWS KMS is integrated
with AWS CloudTrail to provide you with logs of all key
usage to help meet your regulatory and compliance
needs.”
Commented [MC279]: A, C
“With AWS Lambda, you pay only for what you use. You
are charged based on the number of requests for your
functions and the duration, the time it takes for your
code to execute.”
Commented [MC280]: B, E

280.





What does AWS Shield Standard provide?
A. WAF rules
B. DDoS protection
C. Identity and Access Management (IAM) permissions and access to resources
D. Data encryption

AWS has:
--25 geographic regions (with plans to launch five more
AWS Regions)
--80 Availability Zones across (with plans to launch 15
more)
--177 Edge Locations and 11 Regional Edge Caches in 70
cities across 31 countries.
“A Region is a geographical area that has two or more
Availability Zones. Each Region is completely independent.
…
An Availability Zone (AZ) is an area with either one or more
discrete Data Centres (building filled with servers), each
with redundant power, networking, and connectivity,
...
Commented [MC281]: B
“AWS Shield Standard provides protection for all AWS
customers from common, most frequently occurring
network and transport layer DDoS attacks that target your
web site or application at no additional charge.”

281.
A company wants to build its new application workloads in the AWS Cloud instead of
using on-premises resources. What expense can be reduced using the AWS Cloud?
 A. The cost of writing custom-built Java or Node .js code
 B. Penetration testing for security
 C. hardware required to support new applications
 D. Writing specific test cases for third-party applications.

282.






What does AWS Marketplace allow users to do? (Choose two.)
A. Sell unused Amazon EC2 Spot Instances.
B. Sell solutions to other AWS users.
C. Buy third-party software that runs on AWS.
D. Purchase AWS security and compliance documents.
E. Order AWS Snowball.






What does it mean if a user deploys a hybrid cloud architecture on AWS?
A. All resources run using on-premises infrastructure.
B. Some resources run on-premises and some run in a colocation center.
C. All resources run in the AWS Cloud.
D. Some resources run on-premises and some run in the AWS Cloud.

283.

284.
time?





Which AWS service allows users to identify the changes made to a resource over

285.

How can a company reduce its Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) using AWS?
A. By minimizing large capital expenditures
B. By having no responsibility for third-party license costs
C. By having no operational expenditures
D. By having AWS manage applications






A. Amazon Inspector
B. AWS Config
C. AWS Service Catalog
D. AWS IAM

Commented [MC282]: C
“The cloud allows you to trade high initial CapEx (such as
data centers and physical servers) for a variable OpEx
model, and only pay for IT as you consume it. Plus, the
variable OpEx expenses are much lower than what you
would pay to do it yourself because of the massive
economies of scale that AWS has created.”
Commented [MC283]: B, C
“AWS Marketplace is a curated digital catalog that makes
it easy for customers to find, buy, consume, and manage
third-party software, services, and data that customers
need to build solutions and run their businesses. AWS
Marketplace includes thousands of software listings from
popular categories such as security, networking, storage,
machine learning, business intelligence, database, and
devOps and simplifies software licensing and procurement
with flexible pricing options and multiple deployment
methods.
AWS Marketplace features many software categories
including databases, application servers, testing tools,
monitoring tools, content management, and business
intelligence. You can select commercial software from
well-known vendors, as well as many widely used open
source offerings
...
The AWS Marketplace helps enable qualified partners to
market and sell their software to AWS customers. AWS
Marketplace is an online software store that helps
...
Commented [MC284]: D
“Hybrid cloud – Mix of public and private cloud” i.e. some
resources are on deployed privately (e.g. a private onpremsis data centre) and some are on the public cloud
(e.g. AWS)
Commented [MC285]: B
“AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit,
and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources.
Config continuously monitors and records your AWS
resource configurations and allows you to automate the
evaluation of recorded configurations against desired
configurations. With Config, you can review changes in
configurations and relationships between AWS resources,
dive into detailed resource configuration histories, and
determine your overall compliance against the
configurations specified in your internal guidelines. This ...
Commented [MC286]: A
“AWS helps you reduce Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) by
reducing the need to invest in large capital expenditures
and providing a pay-as-you-go model that empowers you
to invest in the capacity you need and use it only when
the business requires it.”

286.
Which activity is a customer responsibility in the AWS Cloud according to the AWS
shared responsibility model?
 A. Ensuring network connectivity from AWS to the internet
 B. Patching and fixing flaws within the AWS Cloud infrastructure
 C. Ensuring the physical security of cloud data centers
 D. Ensuring Amazon EBS volumes are backed up

287.






What are the advantages of the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
A. Fixed rate monthly cost
B. No need to guess capacity requirements
C. Increased speed to market
D. Increased upfront capital expenditure
E. Physical access to cloud data centers

288.
When comparing the total cost of ownership (TCO) of an on-premises infrastructure
to a cloud architecture, what costs should be considered? (Choose two.)
 A. The credit card processing fees for application transactions in the cloud.
 B. The cost of purchasing and installing server hardware in the on-premises
datacentre.
 C. The cost of administering the infrastructure, including operating system and
software installations, patches, backups, and recovering from failures.
 D. The costs of third-party penetration testing.
 E. The advertising costs associated with an ongoing enterprise-wide campaign.
289.
Which AWS feature allows a company to take advantage of usage tiers for services
across multiple member accounts?
 A. Service control policies (SCPs)
 B. Consolidated billing
 C. All Upfront Reserved Instances
 D. AWS Cost Explorer

290.
What is one of the customer's responsibilities according to the AWS shared
responsibility model?
 A. Virtualization infrastructure
 B. Network infrastructure
 C. Application security
 D. Physical security of hardware

Commented [MC287]: D
You have to configure EBS volumes for backup
“You can back up the data on your Amazon EBS volumes
to Amazon S3 by taking point-in-time snapshots.
Snapshots are incremental backups, which means that only
the blocks on the device that have changed after your
most recent snapshot are saved. This minimizes the time
required to create the snapshot and saves on storage costs
by not duplicating data. Each snapshot contains all of the
information that is needed to restore your data (from the
moment when the snapshot was taken) to a new EBS
volume.”
...
Commented [MC288]: B, C
Advantages of Cloud Computing
--Trade capital expense for variable expense
--Benefit from massive economies of scale
--Stop guessing about capacity (elasticity)
--Increased speed and agility
--Stop spending money running and maintaining data
centres
--Go global in minutes
Commented [MC289]: B, C
--B-The key benefit between traditional computing
deployments and cloud computing deployments is that
the customer no longer needs to expend large sums for
hardware, infrastructure, building space and other upfront expenses, i.e. with cloud computing the CapEx
(capital expense) is reduced to zero.
--C--

...

Commented [MC290]: B
“AWS Organizations helps you centrally manage and
govern your environment as you grow and scale your AWS
resources. As an administrator of an organization, you can
create accounts in your organization and invite existing
accounts to join the organization.
Allows you to:
--programmatically create new AWS accounts and allocate
resources
--group accounts to organize your workflows
--apply policies to accounts or groups for governance
...
Commented [MC291]: C
Customer responsibility “Security in the Cloud” – Customer
responsibility will be determined by the AWS Cloud
services that a customer selects. This determines the
amount of configuration work the customer must perform
as part of their security responsibilities. For example, a
service such as Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon
EC2) is categorized as Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and,
as such, requires the customer to perform all of the
necessary security configuration and management tasks.
Customers that deploy an Amazon EC2 instance are
...

291.





What helps a company provide a lower latency experience to its users globally?
A. Using an AWS Region that is central to all users
B. Using a second Availability Zone in the AWS Region that is using used
C. Enabling caching in the AWS Region that is being used
D. Using edge locations to put content closer to all users

292.
How can the AWS Cloud increase user workforce productivity after migration from
an on-premises data center?
 A. Users do not have to wait for infrastructure provisioning.
 B. The AWS Cloud infrastructure is much faster than an on-premises data center
infrastructure.
 C. AWS takes over application configuration management on behalf of users.
 D. Users do not need to address security and compliance issues.

Commented [MC292]: D
“Edge locations cache responses reducing traffic on the
server and delivering content closer to users”
“When a user requests content that you're serving with
CloudFront, the request is routed to the edge location that
provides the lowest latency (time delay), so that content is
delivered with the best possible performance.”
Incorrect answers:
--Using an AWS region central to all users – This answer is
incorrect because even if this single region is located
centrally to all global users it can still be far from some
users on the periphery. Ideally multiple regional
deployments would need to be used to provide low
latency performance globally.
Commented [MC293]: A

293.
Which AWS service provides a quick and automated way to create and manage AWS
accounts?
 A. AWS QuickSight
 B. Amazon Lightsail
 C. AWS Organizations
 D. Amazon Connect

“Increase speed and agility – In a cloud computing
environment, new IT resources are only a click away,
which means that you reduce the time to make those
resources available to your developers from weeks to just
minutes. This results in a dramatic increase in agility for
the organization, since the cost and time it takes to
experiment and develop is significantly lower.”
Commented [MC294]: C

294.





Which Amazon RDS feature can be used to achieve high availability?
A. Multiple Availability Zones
B. Amazon Reserved Instances
C. Provisioned IOPS storage
D. Enhanced monitoring

295.
Where should users report that AWS resources are being used for malicious
purposes?
 A. AWS Trust & Safety team
 B. AWS Shield
 C. AWS Support
 D. AWS Developer Forums

“AWS Organizations is an account management service
that enables you to consolidate multiple AWS accounts
into an organization that you create and centrally manage.
AWS Organizations includes account management and
consolidated billing capabilities that enable you to better
meet the budgetary, security, and compliance needs of
your business. As an administrator of an organization, you
can create accounts in your organization and invite
existing accounts to join the organization.
…
...
Commented [MC295]: A
“Amazon RDS provides high availability and failover
support for DB instances using Multi-AZ deployments.
Amazon RDS uses several different technologies to provide
failover support. Multi-AZ deployments for Oracle,
PostgreSQL, MySQL, and MariaDB DB instances use
Amazon's failover technology. SQL Server DB instances use
SQL Server Database Mirroring (DBM).”
Commented [MC296]: A
“If you suspect that AWS resources are used for abusive
purposes, contact the AWS Trust & Safety team (formerly
AWS Abuse team) using the Report Amazon AWS abuse
form, or by contacting abuse@amazonaws.com. Provide all
all the necessary information, including logs in plaintext,
email headers, and so on, when you submit your request.”

296.
Which AWS service needs to be enabled to track all user account changes within the
AWS Management Console?
 A. AWS CloudTrail
 B. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
 C. VPC Flow Logs
 D. AWS CloudHSM

297.





What is an AWS Cloud design best practice?
A. Tight coupling of components
B. Single point of failure
C. High availability
D. Overprovisioning of resources

298.
Which of the following is an example of how moving to the AWS Cloud reduces
upfront cost?
 A. By replacing large variable costs with lower capital investments
 B. By replacing large capital investments with lower variable costs
 C. By allowing the provisioning of compute and storage at a fixed level to meet peak
demand
 D. By replacing the repeated scaling of virtual servers with a simpler fixed-scale
model
299.
When designing a typical three-tier web application, which AWS services and/or
features improve availability and reduce the impact failures? (Choose two.)
 A. AWS Auto Scaling for Amazon EC2 instances
 B. Amazon VPC subnet ACLs to check the health of a service
 C. Distributed resources across multiple Availability Zones
 D. AWS Server Migration Service (AWS SMS) to move Amazon EC2 instances into a
different Region
 E. Distributed resources across multiple AWS points of presence

300.





Which cloud design principle aligns with AWS Cloud best practices?
A. Create fixed dependencies among application components
B. Aggregate services on a single instance
C. Deploy applications in a single Availability Zone
D. Distribute the compute load across multiple resources

Commented [MC297]: A
“AWS CloudTrail is a service that enables governance,
compliance, operational auditing, and risk auditing of
your AWS account. With CloudTrail, you can log,
continuously monitor, and retain account activity related
to actions across your AWS infrastructure. CloudTrail
provides event history of your AWS account activity,
including actions taken through the AWS Management
Console, AWS SDKs, command line tools, and other AWS
services. This event history simplifies security analysis,
resource change tracking, and troubleshooting. In addition,
you can use CloudTrail to detect unusual activity in your ...
Commented [MC298]: C
“Availability refers to the percentage of time that the
infrastructure, system or a solution remains operational
under normal circumstances in order to serve its intended
purpose. For cloud infrastructure solutions, availability
relates to the time that the datacenter is accessible or
delivers the intended IT service as a proportion of the
duration for which the service is purchased. The
mathematical formula for Availability is as follows:
Percentage of availability = (total elapsed time – sum of
downtime)/total elapsed time
...
Commented [MC299]: B
“The key benefit between traditional computing
deployments and cloud computing deployments is that
the customer no longer needs to expend large sums for
hardware, infrastructure, building space and other upfront expenses, i.e. with cloud computing the CapEx
(capital expense) is reduced to zero.
Another associated benefit is that OpEx (operational
expense) is greatly reduced as the cost of administering
the infrastructure is also greatly reduced due to the cloud...
Commented [MC300]: A, C
--A-“Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling helps to maintain your
Amazon EC2 instance availability. Whether you are
running one Amazon EC2 instance or thousands, you can
use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to detect impaired Amazon
EC2 instances, and replace the instances without
intervention. This ensures that your application has the
compute capacity that you expect”
--C--

...

Commented [MC301]: D
This is horizontal scaling by other words.
“A "horizontally scalable" system is one that can increase
capacity by adding more resources (i.e. computers) to the
system. This is in contrast to a "vertically scalable"
system, which is constrained to running its processes on
only one computer.
...

301-350

Commented [MC302]: A, B

301.
Which of the following are recommended practices for managing IAM users?
(Choose two.)
 A. Require IAM users to change their passwords after a specified period of time
 B. Prevent IAM users from reusing previous passwords
 C. Recommend that the same password be used on AWS and other sites
 D. Require IAM users to store their passwords in raw text
 E. Disable multi-factor authentication (MFA) for IAM users

302.
A company is migrating from on-premises data centers to the AWS Cloud and is
looking for hands-on help with the project. How can the company get this support? (Choose
two.)
 A. Ask for a quote from the AWS Marketplace team to perform a migration into the
company's AWS account.
 B. Contact AWS Support and open a case for assistance
 C. Use AWS Professional Services to provide guidance and to set up an AWS Landing
Zone in the company's AWS account
 D. Select a partner from the AWS Partner Network (APN) to assist with the migration
 E. Use Amazon Connect to create a new request for proposal (RFP) for expert
assistance in migrating to the AWS Cloud.

“Security best practices in IAM:
--Lock away your AWS account root user access keys
--Create individual IAM users
--Use groups to assign permissions to IAM users
--Grant least privilege
--Get started using permissions with AWS managed
policies
--Validate your policies
--Use customer managed policies instead of inline policies
--Use access levels to review IAM permissions
--Configure a strong password policy for your users
--Enable MFA
--Use roles for applications that run on Amazon EC2
instances
...
Commented [MC303]: C, D
“The AWS Professional Services organization is a global
team of experts that can help you realize your desired
business outcomes when using the AWS Cloud.
We work together with your team and your chosen
member of the AWS Partner Network (APN) to execute
your enterprise cloud computing initiatives. Some AWS
partners specialize in migrating to AWS and can assist the...
Commented [MC304]: C

303.





How does the AWS Enterprise Support Concierge team help users?
A. Supporting application development
B. Providing architecture guidance
C. Answering billing and account inquires
D. Answering questions regarding technical support cases






An application designed to span multiple Availability Zones is described as:
A. being highly available
B. having global reach
C. using an economy of scale
D. having elasticity

304.

305.
A new service using AWS must be highly available. Yet, due to regulatory
requirements, all of its Amazon EC2 instances must be located in a single geographic area.
According to best practices, to meet these requirements, the EC2 instances must be placed
in at least two:
 A. AWS Regions
 B. Availability Zones
 C. subnets
 D. placement groups

“Your AWS Concierge is a senior customer service agent
who is assigned to your account when you subscribe to an
Enterprise or qualified Reseller Support plan. This
Concierge agent is your primary point of contact for
billing or account inquiries; when you don’t know whom
to call, they will find the right people to help. In most
cases, the AWS Concierge is available during regular
business hours in your headquarters’ geography. Outside
of business hours, the global customer service team can ...
Commented [MC305]: A
“High availability. Protect against data center, availability
zone, server, network and storage subsystem failures to
keep your business running without downtime.”
“Availability Zones are connected to each other with fast,
private fiber-optic networking, enabling you to architect
applications that automatically fail-over between AZs
without interruption. These AZs offer AWS customers an
easier and more effective way to design and operate
applications and databases, making them more highly
...
Commented [MC306]: B
“Each Region is a separate geographic area. Each Region
has multiple, isolated locations known as Availability
Zones.”
“To have high availability and protect against data center,
availability zone, server, network and storage subsystem
failures to keep your business running without downtime
it is necessary to be deployed to multiple availability
zones.”
...

306.
A company has multiple AWS accounts within AWS Organizations and wants to apply
the Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances benefit to a single account only. Which action should be
taken?
 A. Purchase the Reserved Instances from master payer account and turn off
Reserved Instance sharing.
 B. Enable billing alerts in the AWS Billing and Cost Management console.
 C. Purchase the Reserved Instances in individual linked accounts and turn off
Reserved Instance sharing from the payer level.
 D. Enable Reserved Instance sharing in the AWS Billing and Cost Management
console.

Commented [MC307]: C
“If Reserved Instance sharing is turned off for an account
in an organization. Reserved Instance discounts apply
only to the account that purchased the Reserved
Instance. “
Incorrect answers:
--A is not correct. You can’t buy resources from the master
payer account, resources should only be linked to your sub
accounts.
Commented [MC308]: B

307.





Which situation should be reported to the AWS Trust & Safety team?
A. In Availability Zone has a service disruption
B. An intrusion attempt is made from an AWS IP address
C. A user has trouble accessing an Amazon S3 bucket from an AWS IP address
D. A user needs to change payment methods due to a compromise

“If you suspect that AWS resources are used for abusive
purposes, contact the AWS Trust & Safety team using the
Report Amazon AWS abuse form, or by contacting
abuse@amazonaws.com. Provide all the necessary
information, including logs in plaintext, email headers, and
so on, when you submit your request.”
Commented [MC309]: B, D

308.
A company is planning to launch an ecommerce site in a single AWS Region to a
worldwide user base. Which AWS services will allow the company to reach users and provide
low latency and high transfer speeds? (Choose two.)
 A. Application Load Balancer
 B. AWS Global Accelerator
 C. AWS Direct Connect
 D. Amazon CloudFront
 E. AWS Lambda

309.





310.






Which AWS service or resource is serverless?
A. AWS Lambda
B. Amazon EC2 instances
C. Amazon Lightsail
D. Amazon ElastiCache

Which of the following are components of Amazon VPC? (Choose two.)
A. Objects
B. Subnets
C. Buckets
D. Internet gateways
E. Access key

--B-“AWS Global Accelerator is a service in which you create
accelerators to improve availability and performance of
your applications for local and global users. Global
Accelerator directs traffic to optimal endpoints over the
AWS global network. This improves the availability and
performance of your internet applications that are used
by a global audience. Global Accelerator is a global service
that supports endpoints in multiple AWS Regions, which
are listed in the AWS Region Table.”
--D-“Amazon CloudFront is a web service that speeds up
distribution of your static and dynamic web content, such
as .html, .css, .js, and image files, to your users. CloudFront
delivers your content through a worldwide network of ...
Commented [MC310]: A
Serverless services: AWS Lambda, Amazon Fargate,
Amazon EventBridge, AWS Step Functions, Amazon SQS,
Amazon SNS, Amazon API Gateway, AWS AppSync,
Amazon S3, Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon RDS Proxy,
Amazon Aurora Serverless
Commented [MC311]: B, D
“A virtual private cloud (VPC) is a virtual network dedicated
to your AWS account. It is logically isolated from other
virtual networks in the AWS Cloud. You can launch your
AWS resources, such as Amazon EC2 instances, in a virtual
network that you define. You have complete control over
your virtual networking environment, including selection
of your own IP address range, creation of subnets,
associate security groups, modifying access control lists
and configuration of route tables and network gateways.”
...

311.





AWS Budgets can be used to:
A. prevent a given user from creating a resource
B. send an alert when the utilization of Reserved Instances drops below a certain
percentage
C. set resource limits in AWS accounts to prevent overspending
D. split an AWS bill across multiple forms of payment

312.
Which of the following will enhance the security of access to the AWS Management
Console? (Choose two.)
 A. AWS Secrets Manager
 B. AWS Certificate Manager
 C. AWS Multi-Factor Authentication (AWS MFA)
 D. Security groups
 E. Password policies
313.
The AWS Trusted Advisor checks include recommendations regarding which of the
following? (Choose two.)
 A. Information on Amazon S3 bucket permissions
 B. AWS service outages
 C. Multi-factor authentication enabled on the AWS account root user
 D. Available software patches
 E. Number of users in the account

314.





Which functions can users perform using AWS KMS?
A. Create and manage AWS access keys for the AWS account root user
B. Create and manage AWS access keys for an AWS account IAM user
C. Create and manage keys for encryption and decryption of data
D. Create and manage keys for multi-factor authentication

Commented [MC312]: B
“AWS Budgets lets customers set custom budgets and
receive alerts if their costs or usage exceed (or are
forecasted to exceed) their budgeted amount.
…
Customers can monitor and receive alerts when their
Reserved Instance (“RI”) utilization falls below the
threshold they define”
Incorrect answers:
--Not C because budgets does not turn things off when you
hit a limit.
Commented [MC313]: C, E
“Security best practices in IAM:
--Lock away your AWS account root user access keys
--Create individual IAM users
--Use groups to assign permissions to IAM users
--Grant least privilege
--Get started using permissions with AWS managed
policies
--Validate your policies
--Use customer managed policies instead of inline policies
--Use access levels to review IAM permissions
--Configure a strong password policy for your users
--Enable MFA
...
Commented [MC314]: A, C
AWS Basic Support and AWS Developer Support customers
get access to 6 security checks (listed below) and 50
service limit checks (to see how close you are to exceeding
use quotas):
--S3 Bucket Permissions
--Security Groups – Specific Ports Unrestricted
--IAM Use
--MFA on Root Account
--EBS Public Snapshots
--RDS Public Snapshots
...
Commented [MC315]: C

315.
How does AWS Trusted Advisor provide guidance to users of the AWS Cloud?
(Choose two.)
 A. It identifies software vulnerabilities in applications running on AWS
 B. It provides a list of cost optimization recommendations based on current AWS
usage
 C. It detects potential security vulnerabilities caused by permissions settings on
account resources
 D. It automatically corrects potential security issues caused by permissions settings
on account resources
 E. It provides proactive alerting whenever an Amazon EC2 instance has been
compromised

“AWS Key Management Service (KMS) makes it easy for
you to create and manage cryptographic keys and control
their use across a wide range of AWS services and in your
applications. AWS KMS is a secure and resilient service
that uses hardware security modules that have been
validated under FIPS 140-2, or are in the process of being
validated, to protect your keys. AWS KMS is integrated
with AWS CloudTrail to provide you with logs of all key ...
Commented [MC316]: B, C
“AWS Trusted Advisor is an online tool that provides you
real time guidance to help you provision your resources
following AWS best practices. Trusted Advisor checks help
optimize your AWS infrastructure, increase security and
performance, reduce your overall costs, and monitor
service limits. Whether establishing new workflows,
developing applications, or as part of ongoing
improvement, take advantage of the recommendations ...

316.






Which of the following are advantages of the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
A. AWS manages the maintenance of the cloud infrastructure
B. AWS manages the security of applications built on AWS
C. AWS manages capacity planning for physical servers
D. AWS manages the development of applications on AWS
E. AWS manages cost planning for virtual servers

317.
A user deploys an Amazon RDS DB instance in multiple Availability Zones. This
strategy involves which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework?
 A. Performance efficiency
 B. Reliability
 C. Cost optimization
 D. Security
318.
Which AWS services provide a user with connectivity between the AWS Cloud and
on-premises resources? (Choose two.)
 A. AWS VPN
 B. Amazon Connect
 C. Amazon Cognito
 D. AWS Direct Connect
 E. AWS Managed Services

319.





Which AWS service is used to pay AWS bills, and monitor usage and budget costs?
A. AWS Billing and Cost Management
B. Consolidated billing
C. Amazon CloudWatch
D. Amazon QuickSight

320.
Which element of the AWS global infrastructure consists of one or more discrete
data centers, each with redundant power, networking, and connectivity, which are housed
in separate facilities?
 A. AWS Regions
 B. Availability Zones
 C. Edge locations
 D. Amazon CloudFront

Commented [MC317]: A, C
“6 Advantages of Cloud Computing:
--Trade capital expense for variable expense
--Benefit from massive economies of scale
--Stop guessing about capacity
--Increased speed and agility
--Stop spending money running and maintaining data
centres
--Go global in minutes”

Commented [MC318]: B
“Amazon RDS Multi-AZ deployments provide enhanced
availability and durability for RDS database (DB) instances,
making them a natural fit for production database
workloads. When you provision a Multi-AZ DB Instance,
Amazon RDS automatically creates a primary DB Instance
and synchronously replicates the data to a standby
instance in a different Availability Zone (AZ). Each AZ runs
on its own physically distinct, independent infrastructure,
and is engineered to be highly reliable.”
Commented [MC319]: A, D
“Amazon VPC provides multiple network connectivity
options for you to leverage depending on your current
network designs and requirements. These connectivity
options include leveraging either the internet (VPN) or an
AWS Direct Connect connection as the network backbone
and terminating the connection into either AWS or usermanaged network endpoints.”
Commented [MC320]: A
“AWS Billing and Cost Management is a web service that
provides features that helps you monitor your costs and
pay your bill. Amazon Web Services (AWS) bills your
account for usage, which ensures that you pay only for
what you use. Included in this service are: --‘Cost Explorer’
- which allows you to view your AWS cost data as a graph.
With Cost Explorer, you can filter graphs by values such as
API operation, Availability Zone, AWS service, custom cost
allocation tag, Amazon EC2 instance type, purchase option,
AWS Region, usage type, usage type group, and more. If
you use consolidated billing, you can also filter by member
account. In addition, you can see a forecast of future costs
based on your historical cost data.
--AWS Budgets - You can use AWS Budgets to track your
AWS usage and costs. Budgets use the cost visualization
provided by Cost Explorer to show you the status of your
budgets. This provides forecasts of your estimated costs
and tracks your AWS usage, including your free tier usage.
You can also use budgets to create Amazon Simple
...
Commented [MC321]: B
“Availability Zones consist of one or more discrete data
centers, each with redundant power, networking, and
connectivity, housed in separate facilities.”

321.
Which Amazon VPC feature enables users to capture information about the IP traffic
that reaches Amazon EC2 instances?
 A. Security groups
 B. Elastic network interfaces
 C. Network ACLs
 D. VPC Flow Logs

322.
Which AWS service can be used to automatically scale an application up and down
without making capacity planning decisions?
 A. Amazon AutoScaling
 B. Amazon Redshift
 C. AWS CloudTrail
 D. AWS Lambda
323.
AWS Enterprise Support users have access to which service or feature that is not
available to users with other AWS Support plans?
 A. AWS Trusted Advisor
 B. AWS Support case
 C. Concierge team
 D. Amazon Connect

324.
A company wants to migrate a MySQL database to AWS but does not have the
budget for Database Administrators to handle routine tasks including provisioning, patching,
and performing backups. Which AWS service will support this use case?
 A. Amazon RDS
 B. Amazon DynamoDB
 C. Amazon DocumentDB
 D. Amazon ElastiCache

Commented [MC322]: D
“VPC Flow Logs is a feature that enables you to capture
information about the IP traffic going to and from
network interfaces in your VPC”
Commented [MC323]: A
“AWS Auto Scaling monitors your applications and
automatically adjusts capacity to maintain steady,
predictable performance at the lowest possible cost. Using
AWS Auto Scaling, it’s easy to setup application scaling for
multiple resources across multiple services in minutes.
With AWS Auto Scaling, your applications always have the
right resources at the right time.
The service provides a simple, powerful user interface that
lets you build scaling plans for resources. AWS Auto Scaling
makes scaling simple with recommendations that allow
you to optimize performance, costs, or balance between
them.
Application Auto Scaling is a service for developers and
system administrators who need a solution for
automatically scaling their scalable resources for
individual AWS services beyond Amazon EC2. If you’re ...
Commented [MC324]: C
“Your AWS Concierge is a senior customer service agent
who is assigned to your account when you subscribe to an
an Enterprise or qualified Reseller Support plan.
This Concierge agent is your primary point of contact for
billing or account inquiries; when you don’t know whom to
call, they will find the right people to help.
In most cases, the AWS Concierge is available during
regular business hours in your headquarters’ geography. ...
Commented [MC325]: A

325.
A company wants to expand from one AWS Region into a second AWS Region. What
does the company need to do to start supporting the new Region?
 A. Contact an AWS Account Manager to sign a new contract
 B. Move an Availability Zone to the new Region
 C. Begin deploying resources in the second Region
 D. Download the AWS Management Console for the new Region

“RDS makes it easy to set up, operate, and scale a
relational database in the cloud. It provides cost-efficient
and resizable capacity while automating time-consuming
administration tasks such as hardware provisioning,
database setup, patching and backups. It frees you to
focus on your applications so you can give them the fast
performance, high availability, security and compatibility
they need.
...
Commented [MC326]: C
You select the region from the management console and
start deployment
Incorrect answers:
--A – No new contract is needed, resource provision can be
started immediately using the existing account and setup
--C – An availability centre cannot be moved to a new
region by a customer as it is a datacentre located at a
physical location
...

326.
A user must meet compliance and software licensing requirements that state a
workload must be hosted on a physical server. Which Amazon EC2 instance pricing option
will meet these requirements?
 A. Dedicated Hosts
 B. Dedicated Instances
 C. Spot Instances
 D. Reserved Instances

327.
Which AWS service will provide a way to generate encryption keys that can be used
to encrypt data? (Choose two.)
 A. Amazon Macie
 B. AWS Certificate Manager
 C. AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
 D. AWS Secrets Manager
 E. AWS CloudHSM
328.
A company is planning to migrate from on-premises to the AWS Cloud. Which AWS
tool or service provides detailed reports on estimated cost savings after migration?
 A. AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator
 B. Cost Explorer
 C. AWS Budgets
 D. AWS Migration Hub

329.
two.)






What can assist in evaluating an application for migration to the cloud? (Choose
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. AWS Professional Services
C. AWS Systems Manager
D. AWS Partner Network (APN)
E. AWS Secrets Manager

330.
Which AWS service helps users meet contractual and regulatory compliance
requirements for data security by using dedicated hardware appliances within the AWS
Cloud?
 A. AWS Secrets Manager
 B. AWS CloudHSM
 C. AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
 D. AWS Directory Service

Commented [MC327]: A
“Amazon EC2 Dedicated Hosts allow you to use your
eligible software licenses from vendors such as Microsoft
and Oracle on Amazon EC2, so that you get the flexibility
and cost effectiveness of using your own licenses, but
with the resiliency, simplicity and elasticity of AWS. An
Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host is a physical server fully
dedicated for your use, so you can help address corporate
compliance requirements. A dedicated host is a complete
physical machine with a single partition.”
Notes:
--Dedicated instances and dedicated hosts are separate
offerings.
--Dedicated Instances are Amazon EC2 instances that run
in a VPC on hardware that's dedicated to a single
customer.
...
Commented [MC328]: C, E
--C-“AWS Key Management Service (KMS) is an Amazon Web
Services product that allows administrators to create,
delete and control keys that encrypt data stored in AWS
databases and products”
--E--

...

Commented [MC329]: A
“Use AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator to
compare the cost of running your applications in an onpremises or colocation environment to
AWS. Describe your on-premises or colocation
configuration to produce a detailed cost comparison with
AWS.”
Incorrect answers:

...

Commented [MC330]: B, D
“AWS Professional Services helps you automate and
accelerate the migration of large numbers of workloads
to the AWS Cloud.
…
We work together with your team and your chosen
member of the AWS Partner Network (APN) to execute
your enterprise cloud computing initiatives. Some AWS
partners specialize in migrating to AWS and can assist the...
Commented [MC331]: B
“(AWS) CloudHSM (Hardware Security Module) service
helps you meet corporate, contractual, and regulatory
compliance requirements for data security by using
dedicated Hardware Security Module (HSM) instances
within the AWS cloud. AWS and AWS Marketplace
partners offer a variety of solutions for protecting sensitive
data within the AWS platform, but for some applications
and data subject to contractual or regulatory mandates for
managing cryptographic keys, additional protection may
be necessary.
...

331.
Under the AWS shared responsibility model, the customer manages which of the
following? (Choose two.)
 A. Decommissioning of physical storage devices
 B. Security group and ACL configuration
 C. Patch management of an Amazon RDS instance operating system
 D. Controlling physical access to data centers
 E. Patch management of an Amazon EC2 instance operating system

332.





Which AWS service is suitable for an event-driven workload?
A. Amazon EC2
B. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
C. AWS Lambda
D. Amazon Lumberyard






What is a value proposition of the AWS Cloud?
A. AWS is responsible for security in the AWS Cloud
B. No long-term contract is required
C. Provision new servers in days
D. AWS manages user applications in the AWS Cloud

333.

334.





335.





What is a characteristic of Amazon S3 cross-region replication?
A. Both source and destination S3 buckets must have versioning disabled
B. The source and destination S3 buckets cannot be in different AWS Regions
C. S3 buckets configured for cross-region replication can be owned by a single AWS
account or by different accounts
D. The source S3 bucket owner must have the source and destination AWS Regions
disabled for their account

What is a user responsible for when running an application in the AWS Cloud?
A. Managing physical hardware
B. Updating the underlying hypervisor
C. Providing a list of users approved for data center access
D. Managing application software updates

Commented [MC332]: B, E
“Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility
between AWS and the customer. This shared model can
help relieve the customer’s operational burden as AWS
operates, manages and controls the components from the
host operating system and virtualization layer down to the
physical security of the facilities in which the service
operates. The nature of this shared responsibility also
provides the flexibility and customer control that permits
the deployment.”
“You're responsible for the security of:

...

Commented [MC333]: C
“An event-driven architecture uses events to trigger and
communicate between decoupled services and is common
in modern applications built with microservices. An event
is a change in state, or an update, like an item being placed
in a shopping cart on an e-commerce website. Events can
either carry the state (the item purchased, its price, and a
delivery address) or events can be identifiers (a notification
that an order was shipped).
...
Commented [MC334]: B
“AWS offers you a pay-as-you-go approach for pricing for
over 160 cloud services. With AWS you pay only for the
individual services you need, for as long as you use them,
and without requiring long-term contracts or complex
licensing. AWS pricing is similar to how you pay for
utilities like water and electricity. You only pay for the
services you consume, and once you stop using them,
there are no additional costs or termination fees.”
Commented [MC335]: C
“Replication enables automatic, asynchronous copying of
objects across Amazon S3 buckets. Buckets that are
configured for object replication can be owned by the
same AWS account or by different accounts. Object may
be replicated to a single destination bucket or multiple
destination buckets. Destination buckets can be in
different AWS Regions or within the same Region as the
source bucket.
Amazon S3 cross-region replication Requirements:

...

Commented [MC336]: D
“Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility
between AWS and the customer. This shared model can
help relieve the customer’s operational burden as AWS
operates, manages and controls the components from the
host operating system and virtualization layer down to the
physical security of the facilities in which the service
operates. The nature of this shared responsibility also
provides the flexibility and customer control that permits
the deployment.
...

336.
A company that does business online needs to quickly deliver new functionality in an
iterative manner, minimizing the time to market. Which AWS Cloud feature can provide
this?
 A. Elasticity
 B. High availability
 C. Agility
 D. Reliability

Commented [MC337]: C
“Agility is the practice of “building in” the ability to
change quickly and inexpensively. The cloud not only
makes these other practices practical but provides agility
on its own. Infrastructure can be provisioned in minutes
instead of months, and de-provisioned or changed just as
quickly.”
Commented [MC338]: A, D

337.
Which features or services can be used to monitor costs and expenses for an AWS
account? (Choose two.)
 A. AWS Cost and Usage report
 B. AWS product pages
 C. AWS Pricing Calculator
 D. Billing alerts and Amazon CloudWatch alarms
 E. AWS Price List API
338.





Amazon Route 53 enables users to:
A. encrypt data in transit
B. register DNS domain names
C. generate and manage SSL certificates
D. establish a dedicated network connection to AWS

339.
Which AWS service helps identify malicious or unauthorized activities in AWS
accounts and workloads?
 A. Amazon Rekognition
 B. AWS Trusted Advisor
 C. Amazon GuardDuty
 D. Amazon CloudWatch

--A-“The AWS Cost and Usage Reports contains the most
comprehensive set of cost and usage data available. AWS
Cost and Usage Reports tracks your AWS usage and
provides estimated charges associated with your account.
Each report contains line items for each unique
combination of AWS products, usage type, and operation
that you use in your AWS account. You can use Cost and
Usage Reports to publish your AWS billing reports to an
Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket that
you own.”

--D-“You can monitor your estimated AWS charges by using
Amazon CloudWatch. When you enable the monitoring of...
Commented [MC339]: B
“Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable cloud
Domain Name System (DNS) web service. It is designed to
give developers and businesses an extremely reliable and
cost effective way to route end users to Internet
applications by translating names like www.example.com
into the numeric IP addresses like 192.0.2.1 that
computers use to connect to each other. Amazon Route 53
is fully compliant with IPv6 as well.
...
Commented [MC340]: C

340.
A company wants to try a third-party ecommerce solution before deciding to use it
long term. Which AWS service or tool will support this effort?
 A. AWS Marketplace
 B. AWS Partner Network (APN)
 C. AWS Managed Services
 D. AWS Service Catalog

“Amazon GuardDuty is a threat detection service that
continuously monitors for malicious activity and
unauthorized behavior to protect your AWS accounts,
workloads, and data stored in Amazon S3.
With the cloud, the collection and aggregation of account
and network activities is simplified, but it can be time
consuming for security teams to continuously analyze
event log data for potential threats. With GuardDuty, you...
Commented [MC341]: A
“The AWS Marketplace enables qualified partners to
market and sell their software to AWS Customers. AWS
Marketplace is an online software store that helps
customers find, buy, and immediately start using the
software and services that run on AWS.
AWS Marketplace is designed for Independent Software
Vendors (ISVs), Value-Added Resellers (VARs), and Systems
Integrators (SIs) who have software products they want to
offer to customers in the cloud. Partners use AWS
...

341.





Which AWS service is a managed NoSQL database?
A. Amazon Redshift
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon Aurora
D. Amazon RDS for MariaDB






Which AWS service should be used to create a billing alarm?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. AWS CloudTrail
C. Amazon CloudWatch
D. Amazon QuickSight

342.

343.
A company is hosting a web application in a Docker container on Amazon EC2. AWS
is responsible for which of the following tasks?
 A. Scaling the web application and services developed with Docker
 B. Provisioning or scheduling containers to run on clusters and maintain their
availability
 C. Performing hardware maintenance in the AWS facilities that run the AWS Cloud
 D. Managing the guest operating system, including updates and security patches
344.
Users are reporting latency when connecting to a website with a global customer
base. Which AWS service will improve the customer experience by reducing latency?
 A. Amazon CloudFront
 B. AWS Direct Connect
 C. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
 D. AWS Transit Gateway

345.






Which actions represent best practices for using AWS IAM? (Choose two.)
A. Configure a strong password policy
B. Share the security credentials among users of AWS accounts who are in the same
Region
C. Use access keys to log in to the AWS Management Console
D. Rotate access keys on a regular basis
E. Avoid using IAM roles to delegate permissions

Commented [MC342]: B
“Amazon DynamoDB - Fast and flexible NoSQL database
service for any scale. A key-value and document database
that delivers single-digit millisecond performance at any
scale. It's a fully managed, multiregion, multimaster,
durable database with built-in security, backup and
restore, and in-memory caching for internet-scale
applications. DynamoDB can handle more than 10 trillion
requests per day and can support peaks of more than 20
million requests per second.”
Commented [MC343]: C
“You can monitor your estimated AWS charges by using
Amazon CloudWatch. When you enable the monitoring of
estimated charges for your AWS account, the estimated
charges are calculated and sent several times daily to
CloudWatch as metric data.
Billing metric data is stored in the US East (N. Virginia)
Region and represents worldwide charges. This data
includes the estimated charges for every service in AWS ...
Commented [MC344]: C
“AWS is responsible for operating and maintaining the
infrastructure that runs all of the services offered in the
AWS Cloud. This infrastructure is composed of the
hardware, software, networking, and facilities that run
AWS Cloud services.”
“AWS provides physical data center access only to
approved employees. All employees who need data center
access must first apply for access and provide a valid
business justification. These requests are granted based on...
Commented [MC345]: A
“Amazon CloudFront - When your web traffic is geodispersed, it's not always feasible and certainly not cost
effective to replicate your entire infrastructure across the
globe. A content delivery network (CDN) provides you the
ability to utilize its global network of edge locations to
deliver a cached copy of web content such as videos,
webpages, images and so on to your customers. To reduce
response time, the CDN utilizes the nearest edge location
to the customer or originating request location in order to
reduce the response time. Throughput is dramatically ...
Commented [MC346]: A, D
“Security best practices in IAM:
--Lock away your AWS account root user access keys
--Create individual IAM users
--Use groups to assign permissions to IAM users
--Grant least privilege
--Get started using permissions with AWS managed
policies
--Validate your policies
--Use customer managed policies instead of inline policies
--Use access levels to review IAM permissions
...

346.
Which AWS feature or service can be used to capture information about incoming
and outgoing traffic in an AWS VPC infrastructure?
 A. AWS Config
 B. VPC Flow Logs
 C. AWS Trusted Advisor
 D. AWS CloudTrail

347.
A company wants to use an AWS service to monitor the health of application
endpoints, with the ability to route traffic to healthy regional endpoints to improve
application availability. Which service will support these requirements?
 A. Amazon Inspector
 B. Amazon CloudWatch
 C. AWS Global Accelerator
 D. Amazon CloudFront
348.
According to the AWS Well-Architected Framework, what change management
steps should be taken to achieve reliability in the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
 A. Use AWS Config to generate an inventory of AWS resources
 B. Use service limits to prevent users from creating or making changes to AWS
resources
 C. Use AWS CloudTrail to record AWS API calls into an auditable log file
 D. Use AWS Certificate Manager to whitelist approved AWS resources and services
 E. Use Amazon GuardDuty to validate configuration changes made to AWS resources

349.
Which service can be used to monitor and receive alerts for AWS account root user
AWS Management Console sign-in events?
 A. Amazon CloudWatch
 B. AWS Config
 C. AWS Trusted Advisor
 D. AWS IAM

350.





Which design principle should be considered when architecting in the AWS Cloud?
A. Think of servers as non-disposable resources
B. Use synchronous integration of services
C. Design loosely coupled components
D. Implement the least permissive rules for security groups

Commented [MC347]: B
“VPC Flow Logs is a feature that enables you to capture
information about the IP traffic going to and from
network interfaces in your VPC. Flow log data can be
published to Amazon CloudWatch Logs or Amazon S3.
After you've created a flow log, you can retrieve and view
its data in the chosen destination. Flow logs can help you
with a number of tasks, such as:
--Diagnosing overly restrictive security group rule
--Monitoring the traffic that is reaching your instance
--Determining the direction of the traffic to and from the
network interfaces
--Flow log data is collected outside of the path of your
network traffic, and therefore does not affect network ...
Commented [MC348]: C
“AWS Global Accelerator uses the AWS global network to
optimize the path from your users to your applications,
improving the performance of your traffic by as much as
60%. AWS Global Accelerator continually monitors the
health of your application endpoints and redirects traffic
to healthy endpoints in less than 30 seconds.”
Commented [MC349]: A, C
“Reliability Design Principles and Best Practices
Change Management: Changes to your workload or its
environment must be anticipated and accommodated to
achieve reliable operation of the workload. Changes
include those imposed on your workload, such as spikes in
demand, as well as those from within, such as feature
deployments and security patches. Using AWS, you can
monitor the behaviour of a workload and automate the
response to these changes. With monitoring in place, ...
Commented [MC350]: A
Amazon CloudWatch - Typical runthrough of how this
would happen:
--An Amazon CloudWatch Events rule detects any AWS
account root user API events.
--It triggers an AWS Lambda function.
--The Lambda function then processes the root API event.
It also publishes a message to an Amazon SNS topic, where
the subject contains the AWS account ID or AWS account
alias where the root API call was detected and the type of
API activity.
...
Commented [MC351]: C
“As application complexity increases, a desirable
attribute of an IT system is that it can be broken into
smaller, loosely coupled components. This means that IT
systems should be designed in a way that reduces
interdependencies—a change or a failure in one
component should not cascade to other components.
Your infrastructure also needs to have well defined
interfaces that allow the various components to interact
with each other only through specific, technology- agnostic...

351-400
351.
Which AWS services can be used to move data from on-premises data centers to
AWS? (Choose two.)
 A. AWS Snowball
 B. AWS Lambda
 C. AWS ElastiCache
 D. AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS)
 E. Amazon API Gateway
352.
A batch workload takes 5 hours to finish on an Amazon EC2 instance. The amount of
data to be processed doubles monthly and the processing time is proportional. What is the
best cloud architecture to address this consistently growing demand?
 A. Run the application on a bigger EC2 instance size.
 B. Switch to an EC2 instance family that better matches batch requirements.
 C. Distribute the application across multiple EC2 instances and run in parallel.
 D. Run the application on a bare metal EC2 instance.

353.
Each department in a company has its own independent AWS account and its own
payment method. New company leadership wants to centralize departmental governance
and consolidate payments. How can this be achieved using AWS services & features?
 A. Forward monthly invoices for each account. Then create IAM roles to allow crossaccount access.
 B. Create a new AWS account. Then configure AWS Organizations and invite all
existing accounts to join.
 C. Configure AWS Organizations in each of the existing accounts. Then link all
accounts together.
 D. Use Cost Explorer to combine costs from all accounts. Then replicate IAM policies
across accounts.

354.
The ability to horizontally scale Amazon EC2 instances based on demand is an
example of which concept in the AWS Cloud value proposition?
 A. Economy of scale
 B. Elasticity
 C. High availability
 D. Agility

Commented [MC352]: A, D
--A-“AWS Snowball:
Petabyte-scale data transport with on-board storage and
compute capabilities
part of the AWS Snow Family, is an edge computing, data
migration, and edge storage device.
--You can use these devices for data collection, machine
learning and processing, and storage in environments with
intermittent connectivity (like manufacturing, industrial,
and transportation) or in extremely remote locations (like
military or maritime operations) before shipping them
back to AWS.
...
Commented [MC353]: C
“Scale horizontally: to increase aggregate workload
availability. Replace one large resource with multiple
small resources to reduce the impact of a single failure on
the overall workload. Distribute requests across multiple,
smaller resources to ensure that they don’t share a
common point of failure.”
Commented [MC354]: B
“(AWS) Organizations helps you centrally manage and
govern your environment as you grow and scale your AWS
resources. As an administrator of an organization, you can
create accounts in your organization and invite existing
accounts to join the organization. Allows you to:
--programmatically create new AWS accounts and allocate
resources
--group accounts to organize your workflows
--apply policies to accounts or groups for governance
--define central configurations and audit requirements ...
Commented [MC355]: B
“In cloud computing, elasticity is defined as "the degree
to which a system is able to adapt to workload changes
by provisioning and de-provisioning resources in an
autonomic manner, such that at each point in time the
available resources match the current demand as closely
as possible.
Some cloud solutions can also be automatically adjusted to
meet these needs. This means you can set them up to
scale up or down automatically based on certain
...
Commented [MC356]: B

355.
An ecommerce company anticipates a huge increase in web traffic for two very
popular upcoming shopping holidays. Which AWS service or feature can be configured to
dynamically adjust resources to meet this change in demand?
 A. AWS CloudTrail
 B. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
 C. Amazon Forecast
 D. AWS Config

“The goal of an Auto Scaling Group (ASG) is to:
--Scale out (add EC2 instances) to match an increased
load
--Scale in (remove EC2 instances) to match a decreased
load
--Ensure we have a minimum and a maximum number of
machines running
--Automatically register new instances to a load balancer
--Replace unhealthy instances
...

356.
Which AWS service enables users to securely connect to AWS resources over the
public internet?
 A. Amazon VPC peering
 B. AWS Direct Connect
 wa
 D. Amazon Pinpoint

357.





Which tool is used to forecast AWS spending?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. AWS Organizations
C. Cost Explorer
D. Amazon Inspector

358.
A company is running an ecommerce application hosted in Europe. To decrease
latency for users who access the website from other parts of the world, the company would
like to cache frequently accessed static content closer to the users. Which AWS service will
support these requirements?
 A. Amazon ElastiCache
 B. Amazon CloudFront
 C. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
 D. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)

359.





Which of the following is a component of the AWS Global Infrastructure?
A. Amazon Alexa
B. AWS Regions
C. Amazon Lightsail
D. AWS Organizations

360.
Which AWS service will help users determine if an application running on an Amazon
EC2 instance has sufficient CPU capacity?
 A. Amazon CloudWatch
 B. AWS Config
 C. AWS CloudTrail
 D. Amazon Inspector

Commented [MC357]: C
“Amazon VPC provides multiple network connectivity
options for you to leverage depending on your current
network designs and requirements. These connectivity
options include leveraging either the internet (VPN) or a
dedicated private AWS Direct Connect connection as the
network backbone and terminating the connection into
either AWS or user-managed network endpoints.”
“A VPC VPN Connection utilizes IPSec to establish
encrypted network connectivity between your intranet
and Amazon VPC over the Internet. VPN Connections can
be configured in minutes and are a good solution if you
have an immediate need, have low to modest bandwidth...
Commented [MC358]: C
“The AWS Billing and Cost Management console includes
the no-cost Cost Explorer tool for viewing your AWS cost
data as a graph. With Cost Explorer, you can filter graphs
by values such as API operation, Availability Zone, AWS
service, custom cost allocation tag, Amazon EC2 instance
type, purchase option, AWS Region, usage type, usage type
group, and more. If you use consolidated billing, you can
also filter by member account. In addition, you can see a
forecast of future costs based on your historical cost
data.”
...
Commented [MC359]: B
“Amazon CloudFront employs a global network of edge
locations and regional edge caches that cache copies of
your content close to your viewers. Amazon CloudFront
ensures that end-user requests are served by the closest
edge location. As a result, viewer requests travel a short
distance, improving performance for your viewers. For
files not cached at the edge locations and the regional
edge caches, Amazon CloudFront keeps persistent
...
Commented [MC360]: B
AWS Global Infrastructure:
↓
AWS Regions
↓
AWS Availability Zones
↓
AWS Data Centers

AWS Global Infrastructure is comprised of AWS Regions ...
Commented [MC361]: A
“The CloudWatch metric for CPU utilization will report
100% utilization if the instance bursts so much that it
exceeds its available CPU resources during that
CloudWatch monitored minute. CloudWatch reporting
100% CPU utilization is your signal that you should
consider scaling – manually or via Auto Scaling – up to a
larger instance type or scale out to multiple Micro
instances.”

361.





Why is it beneficial to use Elastic Load Balancers with applications?
A. They allow for the conversion from Application Load Balancers to Classic Load
Balancers.
B. They are capable of handling constant changes in network traffic patterns.
C. They automatically adjust capacity.
D. They are provided at no charge to users.

362.
Which tasks are the customer's responsibility in the AWS shared responsibility
model? (Choose two.)
 A. Infrastructure facilities access management
 B. Cloud infrastructure hardware lifecycle management
 C. Configuration management of user's applications
 D. Networking infrastructure protection
 E. Security groups configuration

363.
IT systems should be designed to reduce interdependencies, so that a change or
failure in one component does not cascade to other components. This is an example of
which principle of cloud architecture design?
 A. Scalability
 C. Automation
 D. Automatic scaling

364.
Which AWS service or feature can enhance network security by blocking requests
from a particular network for a web application on AWS? (Choose two.)
 A. AWS WAF
 B. AWS Trusted Advisor
 C. AWS Direct Connect
 D. AWS Organizations
 E. Network ACLs

365.
An application runs on multiple Amazon EC2 instances that access a shared file
system simultaneously. Which AWS storage service should be used?
 A. Amazon EBS
 B. Amazon EFS
 C. Amazon S3
 D. AWS Artifact
 E. Amazon EC2 instance store

Commented [MC362]: B
“Elastic Load Balancing automatically distributes incoming
application traffic across multiple targets, such as Amazon
EC2 instances, containers, IP addresses, Lambda functions,
and virtual appliances. It can handle the varying load of
your application traffic in a single Availability Zone or
across multiple Availability Zones. Elastic Load Balancing
assist with maintaining high availability, automatic scaling,
and robust security necessary to make your applications
fault tolerant. Elastic Load Balancing scales with web
traffic”
Commented [MC363]: C, E
“Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility
between AWS and the customer. This shared model can
help relieve the customer’s operational burden as AWS
operates, manages and controls the components from the
host operating system and virtualization layer down to the
physical security of the facilities in which the service
operates. The nature of this shared responsibility also
provides the flexibility and customer control that permits
the deployment. This differentiation of responsibility is
commonly referred to as Security “of” the Cloud versus
Security “in” the Cloud.
...
Commented [MC364]: B
“Loose coupling - As application complexity increases, a
desirable attribute of an IT system is that it can be broken
into smaller, loosely coupled components. This means
that IT systems should be designed in a way that reduces
interdependencies—a change or a failure in one
component should not cascade to other components.
Your infrastructure also needs to have well defined
interfaces that allow the various components to interact
with each other only through specific, technology- agnostic...
Commented [MC365]: A, E
“AWS WAF is a web application firewall that helps protect
your web applications or APIs against common web
exploits that may affect availability, compromise security,
or consume excessive resources. AWS WAF gives you
control over how traffic reaches your applications by
enabling you to create security rules that block common
attack patterns, such as SQL injection or cross-site
scripting, and rules that filter out specific traffic patterns
you define. You can many monitor attributes of traffic, ...
Commented [MC366]: B
“The EFS file system can be used by multiple EC2
instances from different data centers in parallel.
Additionally, the data of the EFS file system is replicated
among multiple data centers & Availability Zones (AZ).
Also it remains available even if a whole data center
suffers from an outage, which isn’t true for EBS and
Instance Store.”
Incorrect answers:

...

366.
A web application is hosted on AWS using an Elastic Load Balancer, multiple Amazon
EC2 instances, and Amazon RDS. Which security measures fall under the responsibility of
AWS? (Choose two.)
 A. Running a virus scan on EC2 instances
 B. Protecting against IP spoofing and packet sniffing
 C. Installing the latest security patches on the RDS instance
 D. Encrypting communication between the EC2 instances and the Elastic Load
Balancer
 E. Configuring a security group and a network access control list (NACL) for EC2
367.





368.





What is the benefit of elasticity in the AWS Cloud?
A. Ensure web traffic is automatically spread across multiple AWS Regions.
B. Minimize storage costs by automatically archiving log data.
C. Enable AWS to automatically select the most cost-effective services.
D. Automatically adjust the required compute capacity to maintain consistent
performance.

The continual reduction of AWS Cloud pricing is due to:
A. pay-as-you go pricing
B. the AWS global infrastructure
C. economies of scale
D. reserved storage pricing

Commented [MC367]: B, C
--B-“AWS utilizes a wide variety of automated monitoring
systems to provide a high level of service performance and
availability. These tools monitor server and network usage,
port scanning activities, application usage, and
unauthorized intrusion attempts. The tools have the ability
to set custom performance metrics thresholds for unusual
activity. AWS network provides protection against
traditional network security issues:
--DDOS – AWS uses proprietary DDoS mitigation
techniques. Additionally, AWS’s networks are multi-homed
across a number of providers to achieve Internet access
diversity.
--Man in the Middle attacks – AWS APIs are available via
SSL-protected endpoints which provide server
authentication
...
Commented [MC368]: D
“In cloud computing, elasticity is defined as "the degree to
which a system is able to adapt to workload changes by
provisioning and de-provisioning resources in an
autonomic manner, such that at each point in time the
available resources match the current demand as closely
as possible.”
Some cloud solutions can also be automatically adjusted to
meet these needs. This means you can set them up to
scale up or down automatically based on certain
...
Commented [MC369]: C

369.
A company needs an Amazon S3 bucket that cannot have any public objects due to
compliance requirements. How can this be accomplished?
 A. Enable S3 Block Public Access from the AWS Management Console.
 B. Hold a team meeting to discuss the importance if only uploading private S3
objects.
 C. Require all S3 objects to be manually approved before uploading.
 D. Create a service to monitor all S3 uploads and remove any public uploads.

370.
A Cloud Practitioner identifies a billing issue after examining the AWS Cost and
Usage report in the AWS Management Console. Which action can be taken to resolve this?
 A. Open a detailed case related to billing and submit it to AWS Support for help.
 B. Upload data describing the issue to a new object in a private Amazon S3 bucket.
 C. Create a pricing application and deploy it to a right-sized Amazon EC2 instance for
more information.
 D. Proceed with creating a new dashboard in Amazon QuickSight.

“Because usage from hundreds of thousands of customers
is aggregated in the cloud, providers such as AWS can
achieve higher economies of scale, which translates into
lower pay as-you-go prices.”
Commented [MC370]: A
There is an option for S3 to Block Public Access from the
AWS Management Console.
“…Today we are making it easier for you to protect your
buckets and objects with the introduction of Amazon S3
Block Public Access. This is a new level of protection that
works at the account level and also on individual buckets,
including those that you create in the future. You have
the ability to block existing public access (whether it was...
Commented [MC371]: A
“Contacting AWS Support is the fastest and most direct
method for communicating with an AWS associate about
your questions. AWS Support does not publish a direct
phone number for reaching a support representative. You
can use the following process to have an associate reach
out to you by email or phone instead.
Cost and billing support is available to all AWS customers
even those who do not have a support plan.
...

371.





What does the AWS Pricing Calculator do?
A. Compares on-premises costs to colocation environments
B. Estimates monthly billing based on projected usage
C. Estimates power consumption at existing data centers
D. Estimates CPU utilization





Who is responsible for patching the guest operating system for Amazon RDS?
A. The customer Database Administrator
B. Managed partners
C. AWS

372.

Commented [MC372]: B
“AWS Pricing Calculator - Configure a cost estimate that
fits your unique business or personal needs with AWS
products and services. Previously known as Simply
Monthly Calculator. Transparent pricing lets you see the
math behind the price for your service configurations.
View prices per service or per group of services to analyse
your architecture costs.
Configure services, or groups of services, in multiple AWS
Regions. Prices and availability of AWS services vary per
Region.
...
Commented [MC373]: C

373.






Which AWS services may be scaled using AWS Auto Scaling? (Choose two.)
A. Amazon EC2
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon S3
D. Amazon Route 53
E. Amazon Redshift







Which of the following are benefits of AWS Global Accelerator? (Choose two.)
A. Reduced cost to run services on AWS
B. Improved availability of applications deployed on AWS
C. Higher durability of data stored on AWS
D. Decreased latency to reach applications deployed on AWS
E. Higher security of data stored on AWS

RDS is a managed database service, AWS will take care of
security patches
“Managed Services – is a cloud feature that you can use
without having to take care of the underlying hardware’s
administration. In managed services common activities
are automated and implemented according to best
practices, such as change requests, monitoring, patch
management, security, and backup services. AWS
Managed Services provide full-lifecycle services to
...
Commented [MC374]: A, B

374.

375.
A user who wants to get help with billing and reactivate a suspended account should
submit an account and billing request to:
 A. the AWS Support forum
 B. AWS Abuse
 C. an AWS Solutions Architect
 D. AWS Support

Amazon EC2 for the compute layer, and DynamoDB for the
data layer. In this case, AWS Auto Scaling will scale one or
more EC2 Auto Scaling groups and DynamoDB tables that
are powering the application in response to the demand
curve
“AWS Auto Scaling monitors your applications and
automatically adjusts capacity to maintain steady,
predictable performance at the lowest possible cost. Using
AWS Auto Scaling, it’s easy to setup application scaling for...
Commented [MC375]: B, D
“If local and global traffic to your application’s single
Region is left on the public internet, it can be negatively
impacted by internet congestion and local outages. AWS
Global Accelerator is a networking service that sends your
user’s traffic through Amazon Web Service’s global
network infrastructure, through 80+ global edge locations,
then directed to your application origins, improving your
internet user performance by up to 60%. When the
internet is congested, Global Accelerator’s automatic ...
Commented [MC376]: D
“Contacting AWS Support is the fastest and most direct
method for communicating with an AWS associate about
your questions. AWS Support does not publish a direct
phone number for reaching a support representative. You
can use the following process to have an associate reach
out to you by email or phone instead.
Cost and billing support is available from AWS Support to
all AWS customers even those who do not have a support
plan.
...

376.



Which AWS Cloud best practice uses the elasticity and agility of cloud computing?
A. Provision capacity based on past usage and theoretical peaks
B. Dynamically and predictively scale to meet usage demands
C. Build the application and infrastructure in a data center that grants physical
access
D. Break apart the application into loosely coupled components






Which method helps to optimize costs of users moving to the AWS Cloud?
A. Paying only for what is used
B. Purchasing hardware before it is needed
C. Manually provisioning cloud resources
D. Purchasing for the maximum possible load





377.

378.
Under the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following is a customer
responsibility?
 A. Installing security patches for the Xen and KVM hypervisors
 B. Installing operating system patches for Amazon DynamoDB
 C. Installing operating system security patches for Amazon EC2 database instances
 D. Installing operating system security patches for Amazon RDS database instances

Commented [MC377]: B
“In cloud computing, elasticity is defined as "the degree
to which a system is able to adapt to workload changes
by provisioning and de-provisioning resources in an
autonomic manner, such that at each point in time the
available resources match the current demand as closely
as possible
Some cloud solutions can also be automatically adjusted to
meet these needs. This means you can set them up to
scale up or down automatically based on certain
conditions, like when your cloud solution is running out of
processing power.”
...
Commented [MC378]: A
“AWS offers you a pay-as-you-go approach for pricing for
over 160 cloud services. With AWS you pay only for the
individual services you need, for as long as you use them,
and without requiring long-term contracts or complex
licensing. AWS pricing is similar to how you pay for
utilities like water and electricity. You only pay for the
services you consume, and once you stop using them,
there are no additional costs or termination fees.”
Commented [MC379]: C

379.
The AWS Cost Management tools give users the ability to do which of the following?
(Choose two.)
 A. Terminate all AWS resources automatically if budget thresholds are exceeded.
 B. Break down AWS costs by day, service, and linked AWS account.
 C. Create budgets and receive notifications if current of forecasted usage exceeds
the budgets.
 D. Switch automatically to Reserved Instances or Spot Instances, whichever is most
cost-effective.
 E. Move data stored in Amazon S3 to a more cost-effective storage class.

380.
Under the AWS shared responsibility model, the security and patching of the guest
operating system is the responsibility of:
 A. AWS Support
 B. the customer
 C. AWS Systems Manager
 D. AWS Config

“Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility
between AWS and the customer. This shared model can
help relieve the customer’s operational burden as AWS
operates, manages and controls the components from the
host operating system and virtualization layer down to the
physical security of the facilities in which the service
operates. The nature of this shared responsibility also
provides the flexibility and customer control that permits
the deployment. This differentiation of responsibility is ...
Commented [MC380]: B, C
“AWS has a set of solutions to help you with cost
management and optimization. This includes services,
tools, and resources to organize and track cost and usage
data, enhance control through consolidated billing and
access permission, enable better planning through
budgeting and forecasts, and further lower cost with
resources and pricing optimizations.”
“The AWS Cost and Usage Reports contains the most
comprehensive set of cost and usage data available.

...

Commented [MC381]: B
“Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility
between AWS and the customer. This shared model can
help relieve the customer’s operational burden as AWS
operates, manages and controls the components from the
host operating system and virtualization layer down to the
physical security of the facilities in which the service
operates. The nature of this shared responsibility also
provides the flexibility and customer control that permits
the deployment. This differentiation of responsibility is ...

381.
Which AWS service makes it easy to create and manage AWS users and groups, and
provide them with secure access to AWS resources at no charge?
 A. AWS Direct Connect
 B. Amazon Connect
 C. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
 D. AWS Firewall Manager
382.





Which AWS service can be used to turn text into life-like speech?
A. Amazon Polly
B. Amazon Transcribe
C. Amazon Rekognition
D. Amazon Lex

383.
What is one of the core principles to follow when designing a highly available
application in the AWS Cloud?
 A. Design using a serverless architecture
 B. Assume that all components within an application can fail
 C. Design AWS Auto Scaling into every application
 D. Design all components using open-source code

Commented [MC382]: C
“AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) enables
you to manage access to AWS services and resources
securely. Using IAM, you can create and manage AWS
users and groups, and use permissions to allow and deny
their access to AWS resources. IAM is a feature of your
AWS account offered at no additional charge. You will be
charged only for use of other AWS services by your users.”
Commented [MC383]: A
“Amazon Polly - is a service that turns text into lifelike
speech, allowing you to create applications that talk, and
build entirely new categories of speech-enabled products.
Polly's Text-to-Speech (TTS) service uses advanced deep
learning technologies to synthesize natural sounding
human speech. With dozens of lifelike voices across a
broad set of languages, you can build speech-enabled
applications that work in many different countries.
In addition to Standard TTS voices, Amazon Polly offers
Neural Text-to-Speech (NTTS) voices that deliver advanced
improvements in speech quality through a new machine
learning approach. Polly’s Neural TTS technology also
supports two speaking styles that allow you to better
...
Commented [MC384]: B

384.
A user needs to generate a report that outlines the status of key security checks in
an AWS account. The report must include:
✑ The status of Amazon S3 bucket permissions.
✑ Whether multi-factor authentication is enabled for the AWS account root user.
✑ If any security groups are configured to allow unrestricted access.
Where can all this information be found in one location?
 A. Amazon QuickSight dashboard
 B. AWS CloudTrail trails
 C. AWS Trusted Advisor report
 D. IAM credential report

385.
Which Amazon EC2 pricing model should be used to comply with per-core software
license requirements?
 A. Dedicated Hosts
 B. On-Demand Instances
 C. Spot Instances
 D. Reserved Instances

“Reliability Design Principles and Best Practices
…
Failure Management / automatically recover from failure:
In any system of reasonable complexity, it is expected that
failures will occur. Reliability requires that your workload
be aware of failures as they occur and take action to avoid
impact on availability. Workloads must be able to both
withstand failures and automatically repair issues”
Commented [MC385]: C
“AWS Basic Support and AWS Developer Support
customers get access to 6 Trusted Advisor security checks
(S3 Bucket Permissions, Security Groups - Specific Ports
Unrestricted, IAM Use, MFA on Root Account, EBS Public
Snapshots, RDS Public Snapshots) and 50 service limit
checks.
AWS Business Support and AWS Enterprise Support
customers get access to all 115 Trusted Advisor checks (14
cost optimization, 17 security, 24 fault tolerance, 10
...
Commented [MC386]: A
“Amazon EC2 Dedicated Hosts allow you to use your
eligible software licenses from vendors such as Microsoft
and Oracle on Amazon EC2, so that you get the flexibility
and cost effectiveness of using your own licenses, but
with the resiliency, simplicity and elasticity of AWS. An
Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host is a physical server fully
dedicated for your use, so you can help address corporate
compliance requirements. A dedicated host is a complete
physical machine with a single partition.”
...

386.
Which of the AWS global infrastructure is used to cache copies of content for faster
delivery to users across the globe?
 A. AWS Regions
 B. Availability Zones
 C. Edge locations
 D. Data centers

387.
Using AWS Config to record, audit, and evaluate changes to AWS resources to
enable traceability is an example of which AWS Well-Architected Framework pillar?
 A. Security
 B. Operational excellence
 C. Performance efficiency
 D. Cost optimization

388.
A user needs to quickly deploy a non-relational database on AWS. The user does not
want to manage the underlying hardware or the database software. Which AWS service can
be used to accomplish this?
 A. Amazon RDS
 B. Amazon DynamoDB
 C. Amazon Aurora
 D. Amazon Redshift

389.
A Cloud Practitioner is developing a disaster recovery plan and intends to replicate
data between multiple geographic areas. Which of the following meets these requirements?
 A. AWS Accounts
 B. AWS Regions
 C. Availability Zones
 D. Edge locations

390.
two.)






Which features and benefits does the AWS Organizations service provide? (Choose
A. Establishing real-time communications between members of an internal team
B. Facilitating the use of NoSQL databases
C. Providing automated security checks
D. Implementing consolidated billing
E. Enforcing the governance of AWS accounts

Commented [MC387]: C
“When your web traffic is geo-dispersed, it's not always
feasible and certainly not cost effective to replicate your
entire infrastructure across the globe. A CDN provides you
the ability to utilize its global network of edge locations to
deliver a cached copy of web content such as videos,
webpages, images and so on to your customers. To
reduce response time, the CDN utilizes the nearest edge
location to the customer or originating request location in
order to reduce the response time. Throughput is
dramatically increased given that the web assets are
delivered from cache. For dynamic data, many CDNs can
be configured to retrieve data from the origin servers.”
Commented [MC388]: A
From the Security section of Well-Architected_Framework:
“Enable traceability: Monitor, alert, and audit actions and
changes to your environment in real time. Integrate log
and metric collection with systems to automatically
investigate and take action."
Commented [MC389]: B
“Fast and flexible NoSQL database service for any scale. A
key-value and document database that delivers single-digit
millisecond performance at any scale. It's a fully managed,
multiregion, multimaster, durable database with built-in
security, backup and restore, and in-memory caching for
internet-scale applications. DynamoDB can handle more
than 10 trillion requests per day and can support peaks of
more than 20 million requests per second.”
Notes:
“A NoSQL (originally referring to "non-SQL" or "nonrelational") database provides a mechanism for storage ...
Commented [MC390]: B
“Disaster Recovery (DR) Using AWS regions: Most
organizations try to implement High Availability (HA)
instead of DR to guard them against any downtime of
services.
In case of HA, we ensure there exists a fallback mechanism
for our services. The service that runs in HA is handled by
hosts running in different availability zones but in the same
geographical region. This approach, however, does not ...
Commented [MC391]: D, E
“AWS Organizations helps you centrally manage and
govern your environment as you grow and scale your AWS
resources. As an administrator of an organization, you can
create accounts in your organization and invite existing
accounts to join the organization. Allows you to:
--programmatically create new AWS accounts and allocate
resources
--group accounts to organize your workflows
--apply policies to accounts or groups for governance
--define central configurations and audit requirements ...

391.
Which AWS service is used to automate configuration management using Chef and
Puppet?
 A. AWS Config
 B. AWS OpsWorks
 C. AWS CloudFormation
 D. AWS Systems Manager

392.
Which tool is best suited for combining the billing of AWS accounts that were
previously independent from one another?
 A. Detailed billing report
 B. Consolidated billing
 C. AWS Cost and Usage report
 D. Cost allocation report

Commented [MC392]: B
“AWS OpsWorks is a configuration management service
that provides managed instances of Chef and Puppet.
Chef and Puppet are automation platforms that allow you
to use code to automate the configurations of your
servers. OpsWorks lets you use Chef and Puppet to
automate how servers are configured, deployed, and
managed across your Amazon EC2 instances or onpremises compute environments.
You model your application as a stack, consisting of various
layers. These layers are like blueprints detailing how to
setup and configure a set of EC2 instances and related
resources. There are prebuilt layers for common
components. “Chef recipes” detail your layout and
configuration. Automatically and manually scalable.
...
Commented [MC393]: B

393.





The AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator is used to:
A. receive reports that break down AWS Cloud compute costs by duration, resource,
or tags
B. estimate savings when comparing the AWS Cloud to an on-premises environment
C. estimate a monthly bill for the AWS Cloud resources that will be used
D. enable billing alerts to monitor actual AWS costs compared to estimated costs

394.
Under the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following are customer
responsibilities? (Choose two.)
 A. Setting up server-side encryption on an Amazon S3 bucket
 B. Amazon RDS instance patching
 C. Network and firewall configurations
 D. Physical security of data center facilities
 E. Compute capacity availability
395.
What is the MINIMUM AWS Support plan level that will provide users with access to
the AWS Support API?
 A. Developer
 B. Enterprise
 C. Business
 D. Basic

AWS Organizations helps you centrally manage and govern
govern your environment as you grow and scale your AWS
resources. As an administrator of an organization, you can
create accounts in your organization and invite existing
accounts to join the organization. Allows you to:
--programmatically create new AWS accounts and allocate
resources
--group accounts to organize your workflows
--apply policies to accounts or groups for governance
--define central configurations and audit requirements ...
Commented [MC394]: B
“Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) calculator makes a
comparison between On Premise IT infrastructure
expense the equivalent expense that would exist in the
AWS cloud. It then lets the customer know what their cost
savings would be if they decided to move their existing IT
infrastructure to the AWS cloud.”
Commented [MC395]: A, C
--A-“Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility
between AWS and the customer. This shared model can
help relieve the customer’s operational burden as AWS
operates, manages and controls the components from the
host operating system and virtualization layer down to the
physical security of the facilities in which the service
operates. The nature of this shared responsibility also
provides the flexibility and customer control that permits
the deployment. This differentiation of responsibility is ...
Commented [MC396]: C
Support API only available to business and enterprise
support levels only
--MORE INFO—
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/plans/

396.
A company has deployed several relational databases on Amazon EC2 instances.
Every month, the database software vendor releases new security patches that need to be
applied to the databases. What is the MOST efficient way to apply the security patches?
 A. Connect to each database instance on a monthly basis, and download and apply
the necessary security patches from the vendor.
 B. Enable automatic patching for the instances using the Amazon RDS console.
 C. In AWS Config, configure a rule for the instances and the required patch level.
 D. Use AWS Systems Manager to automate database patching according to a
schedule.

397.
A company wants to use Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) to deploy a
global commercial application. The deployment solution should be built with the highest
redundancy and fault tolerance. Based on this situation, the Amazon EC2 instances should
be deployed:
 A. in a single Availability Zone in one AWS Region
 B. with multiple Elastic Network Interfaces belonging to different subnets
 C. across multiple Availability Zones in one AWS Region
 D. across multiple Availability Zones in two AWS Regions

398.
A company has an application with users in both Australia and Brazil. All the
company infrastructure is currently provisioned in the Asia Pacific (Sydney) Region in
Australia, and Brazilian users are experiencing high latency. What should the company do to
reduce latency?
 A. Implement AWS Direct Connect for users in Brazil
 B. Provision resources in the South America (Sao Paulo) Region in Brazil
 C. Use AWS Transit Gateway to quickly route users from Brazil to the application
 D. Launch additional Amazon EC2 instances in Sydney to handle the demand

Commented [MC397]: D
Because the customer has deployed the DB software on
EC2 the customer is solely responsible for keeping it
updated. If the databases were deployed on RDS the
software would be managed by AWS but this is not the
case in this scenario. So we are looking for an efficient way
to patch the software installed on EC2. System Manager
provides the facility we need.
“AWS Systems Manager Maintenance Windows let you
define a schedule for when to perform potentially
disruptive actions on your instances such as patching an
operating system, updating drivers, or installing software
or patches.
...
Commented [MC398]: D
“Disaster Recovery (DR) Using AWS regions: Most
organizations try to implement High Availability (HA)
instead of Disaster Recovery to guard them against any
downtime of services.
In case of High Availability, we ensure there exists a
fallback mechanism for our services. The service that runs
in High Availability is handled by hosts running in
different availability zones but in the same geographical
region. This approach, however, does not guarantee that...
Commented [MC399]: B
With B, you can provision more resources to Brazil and
alleviate the high latency, this would make the
deployment a multi-region architecture.
(https://read.acloud.guru/why-and-how-do-we-build-amulti-region-active-active-architecture-6d81acb7d208):
"Why bother with multi-region architectures?

399.
An Amazon EC2 instance runs only when needed yet must remain active for the
duration of the process. What is the most appropriate purchasing option?
 A. Dedicated Instances
 B. Spot Instances
 C. On-Demand Instances
 D. Reserved Instances
400.
Which AWS dashboard displays relevant and timely information to help users
manage events in progress, and provides proactive notifications to help plan for scheduled
activities?
 A. AWS Service Health Dashboard
 B. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
 C. AWS Trusted Advisor dashboard
 D. Amazon CloudWatch dashboard

...

Commented [MC400]: C
“We recommend that you use On-Demand Instances for
applications with short-term, irregular workloads that
cannot be interrupted.”
--INCORRECT ANSWERS—
A - Dedicated instances would also work for workloads that
must remain active for the duration of the process,
however there is a premium added to the cost of
...
Commented [MC401]: B
“AWS Personal Health Dashboard - A personalized view of
the health of AWS services, and alerts when your resources
resources are impacted. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
provides alerts and remediation guidance when AWS is
experiencing events that may impact you. The dashboard
displays relevant and timely information to help you
manage events in progress, and provides proactive
notification to help you plan for scheduled activities. With
Personal Health Dashboard, alerts are triggered by changes...

401-450
401.
Which AWS hybrid storage service enables a user's on-premises applications to
seamlessly use AWS Cloud storage?
 A. AWS Backup
 B. Amazon Connect
 C. AWS Direct Connect
 D. AWS Storage Gateway

402.
Which of the following acts as a virtual firewall at the Amazon EC2 instance level to
control traffic for one or more instances?
 A. Access keys
 B. Virtual private gateways
 C. Security groups
 D. Access Control Lists (ACL)

403.
What is the most efficient way to establish network connectivity from on-premises
to multiple VPCs in different AWS Regions?
 A. Use AWS Direct Connect
 B. Use AWS VPN
 C. Use AWS Client VPN
 D. Use an AWS Transit Gateway

404.
Which AWS Support plan provides access to architectural and operational reviews,
as well as 24/7 access to Senior Cloud Support Engineers through email, online chat, and
phone?
 A. Basic
 B. Business
 C. Developer
 D. Enterprise
405.
Which AWS service or feature helps restrict the AWS services, resources, and
individual API actions the users and roles in each member account can access?
 A. Amazon Cognito
 B. AWS Organizations
 C. AWS Shield
 D. AWS Firewall Manager

Commented [MC402]: D
“AWS Storage Gateway is a hybrid cloud storage service
that gives you on-premises access to virtually unlimited
cloud storage.
--Customers use Storage Gateway to simplify storage
management and reduce costs for key hybrid cloud storage
storage use cases. These include moving backups to the
cloud, using on-premises file shares backed by cloud
storage, and providing low latency access to data in AWS
for on-premises applications, as well as various migration,
backup, archiving, processing, moving data to S3 for incloud workloads and tiered storage; and disaster recovery
use cases.
...
Commented [MC403]: C
“A security group acts as a virtual firewall for your
instance to control inbound and outbound traffic. When
you launch an instance in a VPC, you can assign up to five
security groups to the instance. Security groups act at the
instance level, not the subnet level. Therefore, each
instance in a subnet in your VPC can be assigned to a
different set of security groups.”
Commented [MC404]: D
“Transit Gateway is for having transitive peering between
thousands of VPC and on-premises, hub-and-spoke (star)
connection.
Transit Gateway abstracts away the complexity of
maintaining VPN connections with hundreds of VPCs.”
“AWS Transit Gateway now supports the ability to
establish peering connections between Transit Gateways
in different AWS Regions. Transit Gateway is a service that...
Commented [MC405]: D
“Only with Business and Enterprise support do you get
24x7 phone, email, and chat access to Cloud Support
Engineers”

Architectural and operational reviews are only included
with an Enterprise support plan:
--“AWS Infrastructure Event Management (IEM) offers
architecture and scaling guidance and operational
support during the preparation and execution of planned...
Commented [MC406]: B
“AWS Organizations helps you centrally manage and
govern your environment as you grow and scale your AWS
resources. As an administrator of an organization, you can
create accounts in your organization and invite existing
accounts to join the organization. Allows you to:
--programmatically create new AWS accounts and allocate
resources
--group accounts to organize your workflows
--apply policies to accounts or groups for governance
--define central configurations and audit requirements ...

406.
Which Amazon S3 storage class is optimized to provide access to data with lower
resiliency requirements, but rapid access when needed such as duplicate backups?
 A. Amazon S3 Standard
 B. Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive
 C. Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access
 D. Amazon S3 Glacier

407.





What is an Availability Zone in AWS?
A. One or more physical data centers
B. A completely isolated geographic location
C. One or more edge locations based around the world
D. A data center location with a single source of power and networking







Which AWS services can be used as infrastructure automation tools? (Choose two.)
A. AWS CloudFormation
B. Amazon CloudFront
C. AWS Batch
D. AWS OpsWorks
E. Amazon QuickSight

408.

Commented [MC407]: C
“S3 One Zone-IA (Infrequent Access) is for data that is
accessed less frequently, but requires rapid access when
needed. Unlike other S3 Storage Classes which store data
in a minimum of three Availability Zones (AZs), S3 One
Zone-IA stores data in a single AZ and costs 20% less than
S3 Standard-IA. S3 One Zone-IA is ideal for customers
who want a lower-cost option for infrequently accessed
data but do not require the availability and resilience of
S3 Standard or S3 Standard-IA. It’s a good choice for
storing secondary backup copies of on-premises data or
easily re-creatable data. You can also use it as costeffective storage for data that is replicated from another
AWS Region using S3 Cross-Region Replication.
...
Commented [MC408]: A
“Availability Zone (AZ) is an area with either one or more
discrete Data Centres (building filled with servers), each
with redundant power, networking, and connectivity,
housed in separate facilities. If there are more than one
data centre, they are counted as one AZ because they are
located close together. Each Availability Zone is isolated,
but the Availability Zones in a Region are connected
through low-latency links.”
Commented [MC409]: A, D

409.





Which AWS service enables users to create copies of resources across AWS Regions?
A. Amazon ElastiCache
B. AWS CloudFormation
C. AWS CloudTrail
D. AWS Systems Manager

410.
A user would like to encrypt data that is received, stored, and managed by AWS
CloudTrail. Which AWS service will provide this capability?
 A. AWS Secrets Manager
 B. AWS Systems Manager
 C. AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
 D. AWS Certificate Manager

--A-“CloudFormation - Speed up cloud provisioning with
infrastructure as code. Gives you an easy way to model a
collection of related AWS and third-party resources,
provision them quickly and consistently, and manage
them throughout their lifecycles, by treating
infrastructure as code (IaC). A CloudFormation template
describes your desired resources and their dependencies
so you can launch and configure them together as a stack.
You can use a template to create, update, and delete an ...
Commented [MC410]: B
“AWS CloudFormation helps AWS customers implement an
Infrastructure as Code model. Instead of setting up their
environments and applications by hand, they build a
template and use it to create all of the necessary
resources, collectively known as a CloudFormation stack.
This infrastructure as code model is easily exported to
other regions. Benefits are the removal of opportunities
for manual error, an increased efficiency and certainty of ...
Commented [MC411]: C
“By default, the log files delivered by CloudTrail to your
bucket are encrypted by Amazon server-side encryption
with Amazon S3-managed encryption keys (SSE-S3). To
provide a security layer that is directly manageable, you
can instead use server-side encryption with AWS KMS–
managed keys (SSE-KMS) for your CloudTrail log files.”
“AWS Key Management Service (KMS) – Easily create and
control the customer master keys (CMKs), the encryption
keys used to encrypt or digitally sign your data. Makes it ...

411.
Which AWS Cloud benefit eliminates the need for users to try estimating future
infrastructure usage?
 A. Easy and fast deployment of applications in multiple Regions around the world
 B. Security of the AWS Cloud
 C. Elasticity of the AWS Cloud
 D. Lower variable costs due to massive economies of scale

412.
What credential components are required to gain programmatic access to an AWS
account? (Choose two.)
 A. An access key ID
 B. A primary key
 C. A secret access key
 D. A user ID
 E. A secondary key

413.







Which of the following are AWS compute services? (Select two.)
A. Amazon Lightsail
B. AWS Systems Manager
C. AWS CloudFormation
D. AWS Batch
E. Amazon Inspector

414.
Which AWS service provides the ability to detect inadvertent data leaks of
personally identifiable information (PII) and user credential data?
 A. Amazon GuardDuty
 B. Amazon Inspector
 C. Amazon Macie
 D. AWS Shield

415.





Which tool can be used to monitor AWS service limits?
A. AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
D. AWS Cost and Usage report

Commented [MC412]: C
“In cloud computing, elasticity is defined as "the degree
to which a system is able to adapt to workload changes
by provisioning and de-provisioning resources in an
autonomic manner, such that at each point in time the
available resources match the current demand as closely
as possible
Some cloud solutions can also be automatically adjusted
to meet these needs. This means you can set them up to
scale up or down automatically based on certain
...
Commented [MC413]: A, C
“Access keys are long-term credentials for an IAM user or
the AWS account root user. You can use access keys to
sign programmatic requests to the AWS CLI (Command
Line Interface), SDK (Software Development Kit), and
other development tools.
IAM policies don't have access keys. The only way you will
ever get an Access key is to create them from an IAM user.
Access keys consist of an access key ID and secret access
key, which are used to sign programmatic requests that
you make to AWS. If you don't have access keys, you can ...
Commented [MC414]: A, D
“A list of compute services:
--Amazon EC2
--Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
--Amazon Elastic Container Registry
--Amazon Elastic Container Service
--Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service
--Amazon Lightsail
--AWS Batch
--AWS Elastic Beanstalk
--AWS Fargate

...

Commented [MC415]: C
“Amazon Macie is a fully managed data security and data
privacy service that uses machine learning and pattern
matching to discover, classify and protect your sensitive
data in AWS.
--Macie recognizes sensitive data such as personally
identifiable information (PII) or intellectual property. It
provides you with dashboards and alerts that give visibility
into how this data is being accessed or moved.
--As organizations manage growing volumes of data,
identifying and protecting their sensitive data at scale can...
Commented [MC416]: B
“Trusted Adviser analyse your AWS account and provides
recommendation:
1) Cost Optimization
2) Performance
3) Security
4) Fault Tolerance
5) Service Limits”
They are called service quotas now instead though
...

416.
Which of the following describes a security best practice that can be implemented
using AWS IAM?
 A. Disable AWS Management Console access for all users
 B. Generate secret keys for every IAM user
 C. Grant permissions to users who are required to perform a given task only
 D. Store AWS credentials within Amazon EC2 instances

417.
What can be used to automate and manage secure, well-architected, multi-account
AWS environments?
 A. AWS shared responsibility model
 B. AWS Control Tower
 C. AWS Security Hub
 D. AWS Well-Architected Tool

418.
Which AWS service or feature allows a user to easily scale connectivity among
thousands of VPCs?
 A. VPC peering
 B. AWS Transit Gateway
 C. AWS Direct Connect
 D. AWS Global Accelerator

419.
A company needs protection from expanded distributed denial of service (DDoS)
attacks on its website and assistance from AWS experts during such events. Which AWS
managed service will meet these requirements?
 A. AWS Shield Advanced
 B. AWS Firewall Manager
 C. AWS WAF
 D. Amazon GuardDuty

420.
Under the AWS shared responsibility model, what are the customer's
responsibilities? (Choose two.)
 A. Physical and environmental security
 B. Physical network devices including firewalls
 C. Storage device decommissioning
 D. Security of data in transit
 E. Data integrity authentication

Commented [MC417]: C
“To help secure your AWS resources, follow these
recommendations for the AWS Identity and Access
Management (IAM) service.
--Lock away your AWS account root user access keys
--Create individual IAM users
--Use groups to assign permissions to IAM users
--Grant least privilege
--Get started using permissions with AWS managed
policies
--Use customer managed policies instead of inline policies
--Use access levels to review IAM permissions
...
Commented [MC418]: B
“Control Tower automates the process of setting up a new
baseline multi-account AWS environment that is secure,
well-architected, and ready to use.
If you're an enterprise with multiple AWS accounts and
teams, cloud setup and governance can be complex and
time consuming, slowing down the very innovation you’re
trying to speed up. AWS Control Tower provides the
easiest way to set up and govern a new, secure, multiaccount AWS environment based on best practices
...
Commented [MC419]: B
“Transit Gateway is for having transitive peering between
thousands of VPC and on-premises, hub-and-spoke (star)
connection. Transit Gateway abstracts away the
complexity of maintaining VPN connections with
thousands of VPCs.”
--INCORRECT ANSWERS---A - VPC peering max limit is 125 peering connections per
VPC.
...
Commented [MC420]: A
“AWS Shield Advanced - For higher levels of protection
against attacks targeting your applications running on
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2), Elastic Load
Balancing (ELB), Amazon CloudFront, AWS Global
Accelerator and Amazon Route 53 resources, you can
subscribe to AWS Shield Advanced. In addition to the
network and transport layer protections that come with
Standard, AWS Shield Advanced provides additional
detection and mitigation against large and sophisticated
DDoS attacks, near real-time visibility into attacks, and ...
Commented [MC421]: D, E
“For certain compliance requirements, you might require
an additional layer of protection between the services
from AWS and your operating systems and platforms,
where your applications and data reside. You can impose
additional controls, such as protection of data at rest, and
protection of data in transit, or introduce a layer of
opacity between services from AWS and your platform.
The opacity layer can include data encryption, data
integrity authentication, software- and data-signing,
secure time-stamping, and more.”
...

421.
A cloud practitioner has a data analysis workload that is infrequently executed and
can be interrupted without harm. To optimize for cost, which Amazon EC2 purchasing option
should be used?
 A. On-Demand Instances
 B. Reserved Instances
 C. Spot Instances
 D. Dedicated Hosts

422.
Which AWS container service will help a user install, operate, and scale the cluster
management infrastructure?
 A. Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR)
 B. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
 C. Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
 D. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)

Commented [MC422]: C
“Amazon EC2 Spot Instances let you take advantage of
unused EC2 capacity in the AWS cloud. Spot Instances are
available at up to a 90% discount compared to OnDemand prices. You can use Spot Instances for various
stateless, fault-tolerant, or flexible applications such as big
data, containerized workloads, CI/CD, web servers, highperformance computing (HPC), and test & development
workloads. Because Spot Instances are tightly integrated
with AWS services such as Auto Scaling, EMR, ECS,
CloudFormation, Data Pipeline and AWS Batch, you can
choose how to launch and maintain your applications
running on Spot Instances.
When you use Spot Instances, you must be prepared for
interruptions. Amazon EC2 can interrupt your Spot
Instance when the demand for Spot Instances rises, when
the supply of Spot Instances decreases, or when the Spot
price exceeds your maximum price. When Amazon EC2
interrupts a Spot Instance, it provides a Spot Instance
...

423.
Which of the following allows an application running on an Amazon EC2 instance to
securely write data to an Amazon S3 bucket without using long term credentials?
 A. Amazon Cognito
 B. AWS Shield
 C. AWS IAM role
 D. AWS IAM user access key

Commented [MC423]: C

424.
A company with a Developer-level AWS Support plan provisioned an Amazon RDS
database and cannot connect to it. Who should the developer contact for this level of
support?
 A. AWS Support using a support case
 B. AWS Professional Services
 C. AWS technical account manager
 D. AWS consulting partners

Commented [MC424]: C

425.

Commented [MC425]: A






What is the purpose of having an internet gateway within a VPC?
A. To create a VPN connection to the VPC
B. To allow communication between the VPC and the Internet
C. To impose bandwidth constraints on internet traffic
D. To load balance traffic from the Internet across Amazon EC2 instances

"Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) allows
you to easily run, scale, and secure Docker container
applications on AWS. Applications packaged as containers
locally will deploy and run in the same way as containers
managed by Amazon ECS. Amazon ECS eliminates the
need to install, operate, and scale your own container
orchestration and cluster management infrastructure,
and allows you to focus on the resource needs and
...

"You can and should use an IAM role to manage
temporary credentials for applications that run on an EC2
instance. When you use a role, you don't have to distribute
long-term credentials (such as a user name and password
or access keys) to an EC2 instance. Instead, the role
supplies temporary permissions that applications can use
when they make calls to other AWS resources. When you
launch an EC2 instance, you specify an IAM role to
associate with the instance. Applications that run on the ...

“For technical support, all AWS customers have access to
AWS documentation, the AWS Knowledge Center, AWS
whitepapers, and support forums.
You can also subscribe to a Developer, Business or
Enterprise Support plan to receive one-on-one fastresponse support from experienced technical support
engineers. With these Support plans, you get pay-by-themonth pricing and unlimited support cases. If you have
operational issues or technical questions, you can contact...
Commented [MC426]: B
“An internet gateway is a horizontally scaled, redundant,
and highly available VPC component that allows
communication between your VPC and the internet.”

426.
A company must ensure that its endpoint for a database instance remains the same
after a single Availability Zone service interruption. The application needs to resume
database operations without the need for manual administrative intervention. How can
these requirements be met?
 A. Use multiple Amazon Route 53 routes to the standby database instance endpoint
hosted on AWS Storage Gateway.
 B. Configure Amazon RDS Multi-Availability Zone deployments with automatic
failover to the standby.
 C. Add multiple Application Load Balancers and deploy the database instance with
AWS Elastic Beanstalk.
 D. Deploy a single Network Load Balancer to distribute incoming traffic across
multiple Amazon CloudFront origins.

Commented [MC427]: B
“Amazon RDS Multi-AZ deployments provide enhanced
availability and durability for RDS database (DB) instances,
making them a natural fit for production database
workloads. When you provision a Multi-AZ DB Instance,
Amazon RDS automatically creates a primary DB Instance
and synchronously replicates the data to a standby
instance in a different Availability Zone (AZ). Each AZ runs
on its own physically distinct, independent infrastructure,
and is engineered to be highly reliable. In case of an
infrastructure failure, Amazon RDS performs an
automatic failover to the standby (or to a read replica in
the case of Amazon Aurora), so that you can resume
database operations as soon as the failover is complete. ...
Commented [MC428]: B

427.
Which AWS managed service can be used to distribute traffic between one or more
Amazon EC2 instances?
 A. NAT gateway
 B. Elastic Load Balancing
 C. Amazon Athena
 D. AWS PrivateLink

“Elastic Load Balancing automatically distributes
incoming application traffic across multiple targets, such
as Amazon EC2 instances, containers, IP addresses,
Lambda functions, and virtual appliances. It can handle
the varying load of your application traffic in a single
Availability Zone or across multiple Availability Zones.
Elastic Load Balancing offers four types of load balancers
that all feature the high availability, automatic scaling, and...
Commented [MC429]: A, D

428.
two.)






AWS Trusted Advisor provides recommendations on which of the following? (Choose
A. Cost optimization
B. Auditing
C. Serverless architecture
D. Performance
E. Scalability

“AWS Trusted Advisor analyzes your AWS environment
and provides best practice recommendations in five
categories:
--Performance: AWS Trusted Advisor can improve the
performance of your service by checking your service
limits, ensuring you take advantage of provisioned
throughput, and monitoring for overutilized instances.
--Service Quotas: AWS maintains service quotas (formerly
called service limits) for each account to help guarantee ...
Commented [MC430]: A, C

429.
Which of the following tasks can only be performed after signing in with AWS
account root user credentials? (Choose two.)
 A. Closing an AWS account
 B. Creating a new IAM policy
 C. Changing AWS Support plans
 D. Attaching a role to an Amazon EC2 instance
 E. Generating access keys for IAM users

“Tasks that require root user credentials. We recommend
that you use an IAM user with appropriate permissions to
perform tasks and access AWS resources. However, you
can perform the tasks listed below only when you sign in
as the root user of an account:
--Change your account settings. This includes the account
name, email address, root user password, and root user
access keys. Other account settings, such as contact
information, payment currency preference, and Regions,
do not require root user credentials.
...
Commented [MC431]: D

430.





Fault tolerance refers to:
A. the ability of an application to accommodate growth without changing design
B. how well and how quickly an application's environment can have lost data
restored
C. how secure your application is
D. the built-in redundancy of an application's components

“Fault-tolerance is the ability for a system to remain in
operation even if some of the components used to build
the system fail.
...
Amazon Web Services (AWS) provides a platform that is
ideally suited for building fault-tolerant software systems.”
(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/faulttolerant-components/fault-tolerant-components.pdf)
...

431.
A company operating in the AWS Cloud requires separate invoices for specific
environments, such as development, testing, and production. How can this be achieved?
 A. Use multiple AWS accounts
 B. Use resource tagging
 C. Use multiple VPCs
 D. Use Cost Explorer

Commented [MC432]: A

432.

(https://www.quora.com/Can-I-have-a-separate-billingprofile-for-a-specific-server-instance-on-Amazon-webservicesAWS#:~:text=The%20only%20way%20you%20can,billing%
20details%20for%20your%20instance)






Which AWS service can be used in the application deployment process?
A. AWS AppSync
B. AWS Batch
C. AWS CodePipeline
D. AWS DataSync

The only way you can do this is by having the instance in
a separate AWS account. An AWS account is a billing
boundary. Using multiple AWS accounts does not cost any
more than using a single account and you can pay via a
single bill & payment method but get separate billing
details for your instance. There is no lower limit on the
number of resources in an AWS account.

Incorrect Answers:

...

Commented [MC433]: C

433.
two.)






What can be used to reduce the cost of running Amazon EC2 instances? (Choose
A. Spot Instances for stateless and flexible workloads
B. Memory optimized instances for high-compute workloads
C. On-Demand Instances for high-cost and sustained workloads
D. Reserved Instances for sustained workloads
E. Spend limits set using AWS Budgets

434.
Which AWS service or feature allows the user to manager cross-region application
traffic?
 A. Amazon AppStream 2.0
 B. Amazon VPC
 C. Elastic Load Balancer
 D. Amazon Route 53

“AWS CodePipeline is a fully managed continuous delivery
service that helps you automate your release pipelines for
fast and reliable application and infrastructure updates.
CodePipeline automates the build, test, and deploy phases
of your release process every time there is a code change,
based on the release model you define.”
Commented [MC434]: A, D
--A—
“Amazon EC2 Spot Instances let you take advantage of
unused EC2 capacity in the AWS cloud. Spot Instances are
available at up to a 90% discount compared to OnDemand prices. You can use Spot Instances for various
stateless, fault-tolerant, or flexible applications such as
big data, containerized workloads, CI/CD, web servers,
high-performance computing (HPC), and test &
development workloads. Because Spot Instances are
tightly integrated with AWS services such as Auto Scaling,...
Commented [MC435]: D

435.





Which AWS service can be used to track unauthorized API calls?
A. AWS Config
B. AWS CloudTrail
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. Amazon Inspector

"Amazon Route 53 provides a global DNS service that can
be used as a public or private endpoint for (real-time
communication) RTC clients to register and connect with
media applications. With Amazon Route 53, DNS health
checks can be configured to route traffic to healthy
endpoints or to independently monitor the health of your
application. The Amazon Route 53 Traffic Flow feature
makes it easy for you to manage traffic globally through a
variety of routing types, including latency-based routing,
geo DNS, geoproximity, and weighted round robin—all of...
Commented [MC436]: B
“AWS CloudTrail - Track user activity and API usage. Helps
you enable governance, compliance, and operational and
risk auditing of your AWS account. Actions taken by a user,
role, or an AWS service are recorded as events in
CloudTrail. Events include actions taken in the AWS
Management Console, AWS Command Line Interface, and
AWS SDKs and APIs.”

436.
A user needs to regularly audit and evaluate the setup of all AWS resources, identify
non-compliant accounts, and be notified when a resource changes. Which AWS service can
be used to meet these requirements?
 A. AWS Trusted Advisor
 B. AWS Config
 C. AWS Resource Access Manager
 D. AWS Systems Manager

437.
A user is planning to launch two additional Amazon EC2 instances to increase
availability. Which action should the user take?
 A. Launch the instances across multiple Availability Zones in a single AWS Region.
 B. Launch the instances as EC2 Reserved Instances in the same AWS Region and the
same Availability Zone.
 C. Launch the instances in multiple AWS Regions, but in the same Availability Zone.
 D. Launch the instances as EC2 Spot Instances in the same AWS Region, but in
different Availability Zones.
438.
A company must store critical business data in Amazon S3 with a backup to another
AWS Region. How can this be achieved?
 A. Use an Amazon CloudFront Content Delivery Network (CDN) to cache data
globally
 B. Set up Amazon S3 cross-region replication to another AWS Region
 C. Configure the AWS Backup service to back up to the data to another AWS Region
 D. Take Amazon S3 bucket snapshots and copy that data to another AWS Region

439.
Which AWS Cloud service can send alerts to customers if custom spending
thresholds are exceeded?
 A. AWS Budgets
 B. AWS Cost Explorer
 C. AWS Cost Allocation Tags
 D. AWS Organizations
440.
Which components are required to build a successful site-to-site VPN connection on
AWS? (Choose two.)
 A. Internet gateway
 B. NAT gateway
 C. Customer gateway
 D. Virtual private gateway

Commented [MC437]: B
“AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit,
and evaluate the configurations of your AWS resources.
Config continuously monitors and records your AWS
resource configurations and allows you to automate the
evaluation of recorded configurations against desired
configurations.
With Config, you can review changes in configurations and
relationships between AWS resources, dive into detailed
resource configuration histories, and determine your
overall compliance against the configurations specified in
your internal guidelines. This enables you to simplify
compliance auditing, security analysis, change
management, and operational troubleshooting.
...
Commented [MC438]: A
Launching across multiple Availability Zones in a single
AWS Region is a good approach for availability, as if an
availability zone goes down there will be other resources
are available in other availability zones to continue the
workload.
“Most organizations try to implement High Availability
(HA) to guard them against any downtime of services. In
case of HA, we ensure there exists a fallback mechanism
for our services. The service that runs in HA is handled by...
Commented [MC439]: B
“S3 Replication enables automatic, asynchronous copying
of objects across Amazon S3 buckets. Buckets that are
configured for object replication can be owned by the
same AWS account or by different accounts. There are two
kinds of S3 replication:
--Cross Region Replication (CRR). When an item has been
uploaded to a primary bucket is replicated to a secondary
bucket in a different AWS Region.
...
Commented [MC440]: A
“AWS Budgets gives you the ability to set custom budgets
that alert you when your costs or usage exceed (or are
forecasted to exceed) your budgeted amount. You can
also use AWS Budgets to set reservation utilization or
coverage targets and receive alerts when your utilization
drops below the threshold you define.”
Commented [MC441]: C, D
“AWS Virtual Private Network (VPN) solutions establish
secure connections via the public internet between your
on-premises networks, remote offices, client devices, and
the AWS global network. You can connect your Amazon
VPC to remote networks and users using the following VPN
connectivity options:
--AWS Site-to-Site VPN: creates encrypted tunnels
between your network and your Amazon Virtual Private
Clouds. A VPN Connection utilizes IPSec to establish
...

441.
Which Amazon EC2 pricing option is best suited for applications with short-term,
spiky, or unpredictable workloads that cannot be interrupted?
 A. Spot Instances
 B. Dedicated Hosts
 C. On-Demand Instances
 D. Reserved Instances

442.
What is the MOST effective resource for staying up to date on AWS security
announcements?
 A. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
 B. AWS Secrets Manager
 C. AWS Security Bulletins
 D. Amazon Inspector

443.





Which AWS service offers persistent storage for a file system?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon EC2 instance store
C. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
D. Amazon ElastiCache






Which of the following allows AWS users to manage cost allocations for billing?
A. Tagging resources
B. Limiting who can create resources
C. Adding a secondary payment method
D. Running all operations on a single AWS account

444.

Commented [MC442]: C
“On-Demand Instances let you pay for compute capacity
by the hour or second (minimum of 60 seconds) with no
long-term commitments. You have full control over its
lifecycle—you decide when to launch, stop, hibernate,
start, reboot, or terminate it. This frees you from the costs
and complexities of planning, purchasing, and maintaining
hardware and transforms what are commonly large fixed
costs into much smaller variable costs.
Pricing is per instance-hour consumed for each instance,
from the time an instance is launched until it is terminated
or stopped. Each partial instance-hour consumed will be ...
Commented [MC443]: C
“AWS Security Bulletins - No matter how carefully
engineered the services are, from time to time it may be
necessary to notify customers of security and privacy
events with AWS services. We will publish security
bulletins online to update our customers of any changes.”
(https://aws.amazon.com/security/security-bulletins/)
Commented [MC444]: C
“Amazon EBS delivers high-availability block-level storage
volumes for Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2)
instances. It stores data on a file system which is retained
after the EC2 instance is shut down. Amazon EFS offers
scalable file storage, also optimized for EC2. It can be used
as a common data source for any application or workload
that runs on numerous instances. Using an EFS file system,
you may configure instances to mount the file system.
...
Commented [MC445]: A

445.
Which requirement must be met for a member account to be unlinked from an AWS
Organizations account?
 A. The linked account must be actively compliant with AWS System and Organization
Controls (SOC).
 B. The payer and the linked account must both create AWS Support cases to request
that the member account be unlinked from the organization.
 C. The member account must meet the requirements of a standalone account.
 D. The payer account must be used to remove the linked account from the
organization.

“Cost allocation tags – are key-value pairs that allow you
to organize your AWS resources into groups. For each
resource, each tag key must be unique, and each tag key
can have only one value. AWS provides two types of cost
allocation tags, an AWS generated tags and user-defined
tags. You can use tags to:
--organize your resources, and cost allocation tags to
track your AWS costs on a detailed level
--Visualize information about tagged resources in one
place, in conjunction with Resource Groups.
...
Commented [MC446]: C
“You can remove an account from your organization only
if the account has the information that is required for it
to operate as a standalone account. When you create an
account in an organization using the AWS Organizations
console, API, or AWS CLI commands, all the information
that is required of standalone accounts is not
automatically collected. For each account that you want
to make standalone, you must choose a support plan,
provide and verify the required contact information, and
provide a current payment method. AWS uses the
...

446.
What AWS benefit refers to a customer's ability to deploy applications that scale up
and down the meet variable demand?
 A. Elasticity
 B. Agility
 C. Security
 D. Scalability

447.
During a compliance review, one of the auditors requires a copy of the AWS SOC 2
report. Which service should be used to submit this request?
 A. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
 B. AWS Trusted Advisor
 C. AWS Artifact
 D. Amazon S3
448.
A company wants to set up a highly available workload in AWS with a disaster
recovery plan that will allow the company to recover in case of a regional service
interruption. Which configuration will meet these requirements?
 A. Run on two Availability Zones in one AWS Region, using the additional Availability
Zones in the AWS Region for the disaster recovery site.
 B. Run on two Availability Zones in one AWS Region, using another AWS Region for
the disaster recovery site.
 C. Run on two Availability Zones in one AWS Region, using a local AWS Region for
the disaster recovery site.
 D. Run across two AWS Regions, using a third AWS Region for the disaster recovery
site.

449.
Which AWS service can run a managed PostgreSQL database that provides online
transaction processing (OLTP)?
 A. Amazon DynamoDB
 B. Amazon Athena
 C. Amazon RDS
 D. Amazon EMR

450.






Which of the following assist in identifying costs by department? (Choose two.)
A. Using tags on resources
B. Using multiple AWS accounts
C. Using an account manager
D. Using AWS Trusted Advisor
E. Using Consolidated Billing

Commented [MC447]: D
“What is the difference between scalability and elasticity?
The purpose of elasticity is to match the resources
allocated with actual amount of resources needed at any
given point in time. Scalability handles the changing needs
of an application within the confines of the infrastructure
via statically adding or removing resources to meet
applications demands if needed”
“Scalability is a characteristic of a software architecture
related to serving higher amount if workload, where
...
Commented [MC448]: C
“SOC 2: Security, Availability & Confidentiality - A
description of the AWS controls environment and external
audit of AWS controls that meet the AICPA Trust Services
Security, Availability, and Confidentiality Principles and
Criteria”
“AWS Artifact is your go-to, central resource for
compliance-related information that matters to you. It
provides on-demand access to AWS' security and
compliance reports and select online agreements. Reports...
Commented [MC449]: B
“Disaster Recovery (DR) Using AWS regions: Most
organizations try to implement High Availability (HA)
instead of DR to guard them against any downtime of
services.
In case of HA, we ensure there exists a fallback
mechanism for our services. The service that runs in HA is
handled by hosts running in different availability zones
but in the same geographical region. This approach,
...
Commented [MC450]: C
“OLTP (Online Transactional Processing) is a category of
data processing that is focused on transaction-oriented
tasks. OLTP typically involves inserting, updating, and/or
deleting small amounts of data in a database. OLTP mainly
deals with large numbers of transactions by a large
number of users.”
“Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) makes
it easy to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in
the cloud. It provides cost-efficient and resizable capacity ...
Commented [MC451]: A, B
The key is identifying the costs by department
--A-“Cost allocation tags – are key-value pairs that allow you
to organize your AWS resources into groups. For each
resource, each tag key must be unique, and each tag key
can have only one value. AWS provides two types of cost
allocation tags, an AWS generated tags and user-defined
tags. You can use tags to:
...

451-500
451.
A company wants to allow full access to an Amazon S3 bucket for a particular user.
Which element in the S3 bucket policy holds the user details that describe who needs access
to the S3 bucket?
 A. Principal
 B. Action
 C. Resource
 D. Statement
452.
A company is piloting a new customer-facing application on Amazon Elastic Compute
Cloud (Amazon EC2) for one month. What pricing model is appropriate?
 A. Reserved Instances
 B. Spot Instances
 C. On-Demand Instances
 D. Dedicated Hosts

453.
Under the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following is a responsibility
of AWS?
 A. Enabling server-side encryption for objects stored in S3
 B. Applying AWS IAM security policies
 C. Patching the operating system on an Amazon EC2 instance
 D. Applying updates to the hypervisor

454.
Performing operations as code is a design principle that supports which pillar of the
AWS Well-Architected Framework?
 A. Performance efficiency
 B. Operational excellence
 C. Reliability
 D. Security

455.
Which design principle is achieved by following the reliability pillar of the AWS WellArchitected Framework?
 A. Vertical scaling
 B. Manual failure recovery
 C. Testing recovery procedures
 D. Changing infrastructure manually

Commented [MC452]: A
“In its most basic sense, a policy contains the following
elements:
--Resources – Buckets, objects, access points, and jobs are
the Amazon S3 resources for which you can allow or deny
permissions. In a policy, you use the Amazon Resource
Name (ARN) to identify the resource.
--Actions – For each resource, Amazon S3 supports a set of
operations. You identify resource operations that you will
allow (or deny) by using action keywords. For example, the
s3:ListBucket permission allows the user to use the
Amazon S3 GET Bucket (List Objects) operation.
...
Commented [MC453]: C
“On-Demand Instances let you pay for compute capacity
by the hour or second (minimum of 60 seconds) with no
long-term commitments. You have full control over its
lifecycle—you decide when to launch, stop, hibernate,
start, reboot, or terminate it. This frees you from the costs
and complexities of planning, purchasing, and maintaining
hardware and transforms what are commonly large fixed
costs into much smaller variable costs.
...
Commented [MC454]: D
“With AWS everything from the physical servers to the
hypervisor layer is AWS’s responsibility, anything below
that layer is the customer’s responsibility. A customer’s
poorly coded applications, misconfigured operating
systems, or insecure firewall settings will not affect the
hypervisor, it will only affect the customer’s virtual
machines running on that hypervisor. It remains the
customer’s responsibility to ensure the integrity,
confidentiality, and availability of the systems,
applications, and data that they host on EC2.”
...
Commented [MC455]: B
“Operational Excellence Design Principles and Best
Practices
…
Perform operations as code: In the cloud, you can apply
the same engineering discipline that you use for
application code to your entire environment. You can
define your entire workload (applications, infrastructure)
as code and update it with code. You can implement your
operations procedures as code and automate their
execution by triggering them in response to events. By ...
Commented [MC456]: C
“Reliability Design Principles and Best Practices
…
Failure Management / automatically recover from failure:
In any system of reasonable complexity, it is expected that
failures will occur. Reliability requires that your workload
be aware of failures as they occur and take action to avoid
impact on availability. Workloads must be able to both
withstand failures and automatically repair issues:
--With AWS, you can take advantage of automation to
react to monitoring data. For example, when a particular ...

456.





457.





What is a characteristic of Convertible Reserved Instances (RIs)?
A. Users can exchange Convertible RIs for other Convertible RIs from a different
instance family.
B. Users can exchange Convertible RIs for other Convertible RIs in different AWS
Regions.
C. Users can sell and buy Convertible RIs on the AWS Marketplace.
D. Users can shorten the term of their Convertible RIs by merging them with other
Convertible RIs.

The user is fully responsible for which action when running workloads on AWS?
A. Patching the infrastructure components
B. Implementing controls to route application traffic
C. Maintaining physical and environmental controls
D. Maintaining the underlying infrastructure components

458.
Which are benefits of using Amazon RDS over Amazon EC2 when running relational
databases on AWS? (Choose two.)
 A. Automated backups
 B. Schema management
 C. Indexing of tables
 D. Software patching
 E. Extract, transform, and load (ETL) management

459.





What does the Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class offer?
A. Payment flexibility by reserving storage capacity
B. Long-term retention of data by copying the data to an encrypted Amazon Elastic
Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume
C. Automatic cost savings by moving objects between tiers based on access pattern
changes
D. Secure, durable, and lowest cost storage for data archival

460.
A company has multiple data sources across the organization and wants to
consolidate data into one data warehouse. Which AWS service can be used to meet this
requirement?
 A. Amazon DynamoDB
 B. Amazon Redshift
 C. Amazon Athena
 D. Amazon QuickSight

Commented [MC457]: A
“These provide a discount (up to 54% off On-Demand) and
the capability to change the attributes of the RI (instance
family, operating system, and tenancy) as long as the
exchange results in the creation of Reserved Instances of
equal or greater value (even if this means switching RIs to
a different instance family). There are no limits to how
many times you perform an exchange. Like Standard RIs,
Convertible RIs are best suited for steady-state usage.”

Commented [MC458]: B
“A route table contains a set of rules, called routes, that
are used to determine where network traffic from your
subnet or gateway is directed.
Your VPC has an implicit router (AWS manages this), and
you use route tables to control where network traffic is
directed. Each subnet in your VPC must be associated with
a route table, which controls the routing for the subnet
(subnet route table). You can explicitly associate a subnet
with a particular route table. Otherwise, the subnet is
implicitly associated with the main route table. A subnet
can only be associated with one route table at a time, but...
Commented [MC459]: A, D
“Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) makes
it easy to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in
the cloud. It provides cost-efficient and resizable capacity
while automating time-consuming administration tasks
such as hardware provisioning, database setup, patching
and backups. It frees you to focus on your applications so
you can give them the fast performance, high availability,
security and compatibility they need.
...
Commented [MC460]: C
“Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering - Automatic cost savings by
moving objects between tiers based on access pattern
changes.
S3 Intelligent-Tiering is a new Amazon S3 storage class
designed for customers who want to optimize storage
costs automatically when data access patterns change,
without performance impact or operational overhead. S3
Intelligent-Tiering is the first cloud object storage class that
delivers automatic cost savings by moving data between ...
Commented [MC461]: B
Key is Data Warehouse -> More or less always this will
correspond to Amazon Redshift.
“Amazon Redshift –is the most widely used cloud data
warehouse. It makes it fast, simple and cost-effective to
analyze all your data using standard SQL and your existing
Business Intelligence (BI) tools. It allows you to run
complex analytic queries against terabytes to petabytes of
structured and semi-structured data, using sophisticated
query optimization, columnar storage on high...

461.
A user has underutilized on-premises resources. Which AWS Cloud concept can BEST
address this issue?
 A. High availability
 B. Elasticity
 C. Security
 D. Loose coupling
462.
A user has a stateful workload that will run on Amazon EC2 for the next 3 years.
What is the MOST cost-effective pricing model for this workload?
 A. On-Demand Instances
 B. Reserved Instances
 C. Dedicated Instances
 D. Spot Instances

463.
A cloud practitioner needs an Amazon EC2 instance to launch and run for 7 hours
without interruptions. What is the most suitable and cost-effective option for this task?
 A. On-Demand Instance
 B. Reserved Instance
 C. Dedicated Host
 D. Spot Instance

464.






Which of the following are benefits of using AWS Trusted Advisor? (Choose two.)
A. Providing high-performance container orchestration
B. Creating and rotating encryption keys
C. Detecting underutilized resources to save costs
D. Improving security by proactively monitoring the AWS environment
E. Implementing enforced tagging across AWS resources

Commented [MC462]: B
“In cloud computing, elasticity is defined as "the degree to
which a system is able to adapt to workload changes by
provisioning and de-provisioning resources in an
autonomic manner, such that at each point in time the
available resources match the current demand as closely
as possible
Some cloud solutions can also be automatically adjusted to
meet these needs. This means you can set them up to
scale up or down automatically based on certain
conditions, like when your cloud solution is has too many
resources of which some are being under-utilised or if you...
Commented [MC463]: B
“A Reserved Instance is a reservation of resources and
capacity, for either one or three years, for a particular
Availability Zone within a region. When you purchase a
reservation, you commit to paying for all of the hours of
the 1- or 3-year term; in exchange, the hourly rate is
lowered significantly.”
“Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances (RI) provide a significant
discount (up to 72%) compared to On-Demand pricing ...
Commented [MC464]: A
“On-Demand Instances let you pay for compute capacity
by the hour or second (minimum of 60 seconds) with no
long-term commitments. You have full control over its
lifecycle—you decide when to launch, stop, hibernate,
start, reboot, or terminate it. This frees you from the costs
and complexities of planning, purchasing, and maintaining
hardware and transforms what are commonly large fixed
costs into much smaller variable costs.
...
Commented [MC465]: C, D

465.
A developer has been hired by a large company and needs AWS credentials. Which
are security best practices that should be followed? (Choose two.)
 A. Grant the developer access to only the AWS resources needed to perform the job.
 B. Share the AWS account root user credentials with the developer.
 C. Add the developer to the administrator's group in AWS IAM.
 D. Configure a password policy that ensures the developer's password cannot be
changed.
 E. Ensure the account password policy requires a minimum length.

“AWS Trusted Advisor analyzes your AWS environment
and provides best practice recommendations in five
categories:
--Performance: AWS Trusted Advisor can improve the
performance of your service by checking your service
limits, ensuring you take advantage of provisioned
throughput, and monitoring for overutilized instances.
--Service Quotas: AWS Trusted Advisor checks for service
usage that is more than 80% of the service quota.
...
Commented [MC466]: A, E
“To help secure your AWS resources, follow these
recommendations for the AWS Identity and Access
Management (IAM) service.
--Lock away your AWS account root user access keys
--Create individual IAM users
--Use groups to assign permissions to IAM users
--Grant least privilege
--Get started using permissions with AWS managed
policies
--Use customer managed policies instead of inline policies...

466.
A user is planning to migrate an application workload to the AWS Cloud. Which
control becomes the responsibility of AWS once the migration is complete?
 A. Patching the guest operating system
 B. Maintaining physical and environmental controls
 C. Protecting communications and maintaining zone security
 D. Patching specific applications

Commented [MC467]: B
“Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility
between AWS and the customer. This shared model can
help relieve the customer’s operational burden as AWS
operates, manages and controls the components from the
host operating system and virtualization layer down to the
physical security of the facilities in which the service
operates. The nature of this shared responsibility also
provides the flexibility and customer control that permits
the deployment. As shown in the chart above, this
differentiation of responsibility is commonly referred to as
Security “of” the Cloud versus Security “in” the Cloud.”
“AWS data centers are secure by design and our controls
make that possible. Before we build a data center, we
spend countless hours considering potential threats and
designing, implementing, and testing controls to ensure
the systems, technology, and people we deploy counteract
risk. To help you fulfill your own audit and regulatory
requirements, we are providing you with insight into some
of our physical and environmental controls below….”
